# 1: Jailbreak

Sora

“You just killed him.”

I was in an over-the-top expensive study, standing over the corpse of a self-proclaimed pirate king. To make matters worse, the woman who had been helping him drug me was just standing there staring, and I really needed her to move. So, I walked around the couch and held the bloody dagger up to show her.

“That’s right, I did just kill him, which means it’s only a matter of time before I’m discovered and somebody does the same to me.” I took another step towards her, brandishing my knife. “So, you’re either going to take me to my sister right now, or I’m going to leave you bleeding out on the carpet. Which would be a shame, because it looks expensive.”

“Take me with you!” The woman ignored my dagger as she stepped forward to take my hand in both of hers. “Please, I’ll do whatever you want. I’ll die if you leave me here.”

“What? Why would I take you with us?” My confusion quickly gave way to outrage, and I tore my hand free from hers. “You were going to stand there watching while your piece of shit boss assaulted me, and now you have the gall to ask me for help?”

“You don’t understand. I was trying to help you! If I hadn’t been there, then Captain Leo would’ve taken you by force from the start.” 

“How many other people have you ‘helped’ like this?” I immediately regretted my question. Her guilty expression made it clear that I didn’t want to know the answer. “Where are they keeping Samira?”

“She’s being kept on deck four, in the brig.” She answered quickly, her guilty expression turning to one of undeserved optimism. “Captain Leo wanted her to be awake, in case you resisted.” 

“Thanks for the help.” I slit her throat before turning to leave. A quick death was more than she deserved, but I wasn’t the type to hold a grudge. So, I muttered an apology to her victims before moving onto more pressing issues.

I mostly knew where Samira was, but I hadn’t been able to feel the ship since we had been captured. When I reached out for my core, I could feel it somewhere a few decks below me, but I had no way of knowing where exactly. It was going to have to wait. Sami was more important, and the longer it took for me to find her, the more likely the crew was to find their dead captain. 

Once that happened, it wouldn’t take many brain cells to connect it all back to me. Normally I was all for betting on pirates being brain-dead, but I wasn’t about to gamble with my sister’s life.

I walked to the door on the far side of the room and opened it to find a surprisingly ornate elevator where I expected a hallway. I walked inside and studied the display. 

The ship was huge. Not quite as big as the Legion ship we were on before, but not far off, and I had to imagine a ship of this size belonging to pirates had to be impressive. Not to mention, everything I had seen of it so far screamed old money, which made me think it had been stolen from a corporate CEO or something equally terrifying.

I elected not to think about it, as I activated my invisibility and chose the fourth level. The elevator descended nearly forty floors before coming to a gradual stop. The doors opened to reveal the middle of a hallway with a trio of heavily armed, and very confused, pirates that were trying their best to look attentive.

“You said it was coming from his quarters, right?” A dwarven woman asked as she approached the elevator. I slipped by her and an angry looking human man before they got too close.

“That’s what the early warning system said, and it hasn’t been wrong yet.” An orcish man, who was still keeping his distance from the elevator, said.

“Should we go check on him?” The human asked, which stopped me in my tracks.

“Fuck that. It’s not worth getting yelled at again.” The dwarven woman took a step back from the elevator. “Besides, we aren’t going to make a difference with anything that could give the captain trouble.”

“Back to the game, then?” The human asked with a grin.

“You mean back to handing over all of our hard earned cash to Breezy? Yeah, let’s go. I think I’ve finally figured out how she’s cheating.” The woman lightly punched him on the arm before grinning up at the orc. "Krom, it’s your turn to pay for the next round.”

“I can grab a case on the way back,” Krom, the orc, looked hesitant as he continued to glare into the empty elevator. “The system has never been wrong before, which means that came from the boss’s office. It’s got me uneasy, which makes me want to check on the prisoner first.” 

“Yeah, sure, whatever, just don’t kill this one. Boss wouldn’t be happy.” The dwarf motioned for the human to follow her as she left down the hallway.

“You know Sanis would be pissed if she heard you calling her Breezy,” the human laughed as he followed. “How much you gonna give me to not tell her?”

Unfortunately, I didn’t hear how much the human would make off his blackmail, but I wished him the best as I followed the orc in the opposite direction. The walls leading to the brig were lined with what seemed like actual wood, which would make them only marginally less expensive than the captain’s den. At this point, I was sure the place used to belong to some corporate CEO. They were exactly the type to waste their money trying to make everything feel like an ancient sailing ship.

The story has been stolen; if detected on Amazon, report the violation.

Thankfully, I didn’t have to follow Krom through the absurd ship for long before we arrived at a set of heavy double doors. He placed his hand on a display set into the wall, causing them to open. I slipped in behind him just before the doors closed.

The brig was set up with about a dozen cells inset into the walls, each with lightly glowing blue force fields instead of doors, and a single metal stool up against the wall with a burly looking human asleep on it. 

Krom let out a heavy sigh as he approached the sleeping man and pulled the stool out from underneath him, which woke him up in a hurry and nearly made me laugh out loud. “Holy shit, Krom, what the fuck was that for?”

“I had to tap out of the game. I’ll cover your shift if you want to take over for me.” Krom set the stool back down to cross his arms and glare.

“Oh yeah, what’s the catch?”

“You gotta pick up a case of beer from the mess and tell everybody I was the one who paid for it.”

“Deal.” The human scrambled to his feet to shake hands with Krom before rushing out of the room.

“Useless fuck.” Krom shook his head, and I had to remind myself that I’d probably be killing him soon in order to stop the oncoming crush. It helped to snap me out of it when he started walking towards the cells. I wasn’t sure what he was planning on doing, but I expected whatever it was would make killing him easier to justify. Not that I really needed a justification after meeting the man he chose to work for.

“Oh, it’s just you again,” I heard Sami say from the cell where Krom had stopped. She sounded safe, and when I stepped up behind him, I was able to confirm that she was unharmed. In fact, she just looked annoyed. “I already told you that I—Wait, Sora! Don’t!”

Sami had seen right through my spell and warned Krom even before I made a move to attack, which caused him to spin around in time to not just block my attack, but even catch my wrist before I could end his life. I clenched my teeth as I tried to fight back, but the brute was strong. “Sami, what in the hells? Why’d you warn him?”

“I’m sorry, I didn’t want you to kill him!” Sami shouted, and I shot her a glare as Krom shoved me up against the wall. “Give me a second. I’ll help.”

“Please hurry.” I broke the invisibility in order to transform into a fox, then dart between Krom’s legs and switch back. He swung backwards blindly, which forced me to duck his fist and gave him enough time to square off with me again. This wasn’t the kind of fight where I felt I could win. Krom was too damn fast, and twice as strong.

“I take it this means the captain is dead?” Plus, he was apparently smarter than he let on. I took a step to my left while maintaining eye contact. He mirrored the movement while keeping his distance. “What’s your plan here? There’s no way you’re getting off this ship alive after killing the captain. Even if you do, the rest of the crew is just going to hunt you down.”

I continued to move around the orc until my back was against the wall again. “Oh? I’ve never been hunted before. Do you think they’ll put a bounty on me?”

“They won’t have to, because you’re not getting past—” Krom violently convulsed and fell to the ground.

“Took you long enough.” I grinned at Sami, who was now standing in an open cell holding a short metal rod wrapped in wire. The rod looked like a part of the bed that had been broken off, but I had no idea where she got the wire, or how she was powering her contraption.

“Don’t be an ass.” Sami dropped the rod and slammed into me with a full-bodied hug. “I’m glad you’re safe. I was so worried.”

“Me too.” I returned the hug as tightly as I could without hurting the poor girl before pushing her away to look her over. “What about you? Are you okay? Did anybody hurt you?”

“I’m fine, okay?” I narrowed my eyes at Sami, which caused her to roll hers. “Seriously Sora, nothing happened. I was just worried about you.”

“Alright, good.” I felt the tension leave my shoulders, and I took a breath before setting my little sister with a glare. “In that case, what the fuck was that about? I could have died!”

“You were completely fine. Besides, all their ships are bio-locked, which means we need one of them alive in order to get out of here.” I raised an eyebrow at her explanation. Breaking bio-locks took Sami all of fifteen minutes. She’d been doing it for years. We didn’t need one of the crew alive. Besides, even if we did, we didn’t need this one alive. It would be easier to just grab a member of their maintenance crew on the way out, instead of trying to haul an unwilling orc halfway across the ship. “Plus, he convinced the captain to not turn us over to Mother, and even made sure I got my own cell that nobody else could unlock.”

“So, you felt bad for the murderous pirate?”

“Well, yeah, sorta.” She shifted her weight and broke eye contact with me. “But we also need allies and I just felt like maybe he’d be willing to help us, you know?”

“We already have allies.” I frowned at Sami. She was acting more nervous than usual, which had me concerned. “Samira, what’s going on?”

“I swear, I don’t know how they figured it out. I didn’t tell them anything.” Sami started panicking, so I interrupted her by placing both hands on her face and locking eyes with her.

“Sami, take a breath.” It took her a second to calm down enough to breathe, but once she did, I continued. “Whatever this is, we can handle it. Just tell me what happened.”

 “The hunters who captured us interrogated me to try to figure out where Thea and the captain were and how they were going to get back. I swear I didn’t tell them anything, but they figured it out somehow, and covered our ship in explosive traps. If they set off even one of them, then it would be enough to destroy the Fury and kill everybody on board.”

“Alright, that’s not good, but remember who we’re talking about here. They can handle themselves.” I tried to project as much confidence as I could, but I was worried. My implants were still disabled, so there was no way I could know how long we’d been under. For all I knew, Bryce and Thea had died months ago.

“Seriously, Sora? Do you remember who we’re talking about?” Sami crossed her arms defensively as she gave me a concerned look. “The first thing the captain did after we met her was nearly kill herself by casting a spell. Since then, she’s climbed onto the hull of our ship not once but twice while we were in real-space, and I can’t even count the number of times she’s almost died in a fight. Honestly, I’d be surprised if the captain doesn’t walk right into a bomb the moment she’s back on the ship.”

“Okay, maybe it’s worth recruiting Krom to help us.”

# 2: Stranded

Bryce, three days prior

I stepped through the portal and took in the dimly lit room around me, or rather, what was left of it. Whoever took Sora and Samira had ransacked the place. The sheets were torn off the bed, and the only thing left of the art was the bust of Teolix that Thea had vandalized when we first moved in. To make matters worse, the doors to our closet had been torn off their hinges, and our clothing had been thrown about the place. Thankfully, Thea kept anything overly expensive in her ring, otherwise she probably would’ve been more upset.

“I’m going to kill the bastards who did this.” The devil in question started angrily picking clothing up off the floor as she muttered oaths and curses to herself.

“What happened here?” Suriel asked as he awkwardly stood near his twin sisters.

“Somebody broke in and stole our friends.” Thea threw the bundle of clothes she had gathered into a pile, before turning to me with tears forming. “Bryce, what are we going to do?”

“It’s exactly as you said. We’re going to kill the bastards who did this.” I nodded to myself to firm my resolve. “But first, we’ll have to find them, and it looks like the local feed is down. Which means we need to reactivate the ship's primary power. Come on, we can do that from the bridge.”

“Wait, Lei, stop her!” Aurora shouted as I turned to leave, and a shimmering barrier of golden flames sprang to life in front of me before I could reach the door.

“Uh, guys, what’s going on?” Thea asked as she took a step towards me and away from the twins.

“Hopefully, nothing serious,” Aurora answered as she approached and gently nudged me away from the door. “But I think your uninvited guests may have left a few gifts behind. Lei, drop the shield, and be ready to throw out another one if I fuck this up.”

“Alright, just please, be careful,” Leila said, as she ended the shield spell and outstretched a hand towards the door.

Aurora nodded before squatting down near a small device that I had completely missed. In my defense, it was hidden by some sort of magi-tech based camouflage system.

“Here, catch.” Aurora did something to disconnect the device and tossed it to me. I caught it and cast a quick mana detection spell to get a closer look. As best I could tell, the camouflage system was a mass-manufactured illusion spell attached to a mana converter, which was also powering a small relay device. The whole thing was ingenious.

“What is it?” Thea took a step closer to get a better look.

“It’s a bomb,” I answered as I handed it to her. The look on her face nearly made me laugh out loud.

Aurora smirked. “Not quite. It’s just a trigger sensor. The bomb part is probably attached to your fuel reserve, or your reactor, maybe even your engines. Hells, probably all three. At least, that’s what I'd do.”

Thea frowned back at her. “What do you mean, ‘that’s what I’d do’? How many times have you attached a bomb to a ship?”

“Just what do you think Aurora and I were doing in Feasjura?” Leila crossed her arms with a half-smile, which only caused Thea to furrow her brows.

“I didn’t know you were in Feasjura, and I definitely didn’t know you two were blowing shit up there. Why didn’t you invite me?”

“We were helping a group of mortals rebel against the nobility, and last I checked, you were a part of a demon noble’s household.” Aurora matched Leila’s pose before adding with a shrug. “Besides, I was the one blowing things up. Lei just handled the boring diplomatic shit.”

“Wait, didn’t you say she killed a noble for threatening to arrest you?” Suriel asked, which just caused Aurora’s smile to grow wider.

“Yeah, like I said, boring diplomatic shit.”

“We should probably focus on what we’re going to do about the bombs.” I tried to bring the conversation back to the task at hand. Which earned me a shrug from Aurora.

“Give me a couple of hours and I can probably get all the triggers, but I can’t promise that I won’t blow us up if I try to disarm the actual bombs.”

“And I’m assuming we can’t fly with a bomb strapped to our engines?” I asked, but already knew the answer even before Aurora confirmed it. “Alright, get started on the triggers and I’d appreciate it if you could at least locate the bombs, but don’t try to disarm them without talking to me first.”

“Aye aye, captain.” Aurora mock saluted before switching to a more serious expression. “But for real, even just disarming the triggers is going to be difficult, and if I fuck up, then we could all die. I’d recommend you three stay here behind a barrier, while Lei comes with me. That way, if something does go wrong, then we’d at least have a remote chance of surviving.”

“Are your barriers strong enough to stop an explosion like that?” I asked, and Leila seemed reluctant, but eventually answered.

Support the author by searching for the original publication of this novel.

“I don’t know. Probably not if I have to focus on multiple shields, but if something does go wrong, then it’s going to be better than nothing.”

“What about a pact?” Thea asked, which caused all three of her siblings to exchange looks, but she continued before they could object. “Look, I know what it sounds like, but Bryce has more mana than she knows what to do with, and you can trust her. Besides, you’ll need a way to fight mana decay until we can get you to Ash, anyway.”

I shrugged at Thea’s offer before adding my own thoughts. “For what it’s worth, any pact with me would be temporary, only in place until you have an alternative, and there would be no strings attached.” Then I remembered who I was talking to, and that all of them would be able to detect whether or not I was lying. “I swear that I have no ulterior motives beyond helping you three get acclimated, and whatever pact we decide on will be made in good faith.”

“Well, I’m convinced,” Suriel said and the other two nodded, only somewhat reluctantly.

“Alright, we’ll agree to a pact, but I’d still feel more comfortable if you let Lei take some time to read through the specific wording.”

I agreed to Aurora’s terms and wrote up a basic contract, not entirely dissimilar from the one I had created with Thea. The primary difference was the amount of mana I was providing them, only a few percent for Suriel and Aurora, and just over twenty for Leila. After casting the spell, I pushed the illusory scroll over to the trio for them to read, and after a minor tweak in the wording, they all signed it.

“Gods below, Thea, you have this much mana all the time?” Leila asked, and Thea nodded with a laugh.

“More actually. In fact, when I fought Orrid, I was using three times that amount.”

“Wait, you seriously fought Orrid?” Aurora asked in disbelief. “Why in the hells did you do that? And how did you survive with that much mana flowing through you?”

“I, uh, didn’t,” Thea answered, before quickly adding. “We should probably get started on disarming the bombs, right? I mean, Sami and Softie are still waiting for us.”

“Sure, but don't think we won't talk about this later.” Leila frowned at Thea before turning towards me. “Aurora’s plan will probably work with this amount of mana, but it would be safer if I can focus all my attention into a single spell. Besides, unless she managed to find a map of your ship while I wasn’t looking, then neither of us know the layout.”

I nodded to Leila, but directed my response to Aurora. “I agree. It’s going to be safer if we stick together while we’re on board. Let me cast a few support spells to make this easier, and then we can get started.”

 



 

It only took us a few hours of scouring the ship before we were satisfied that we had found all the triggering devices. After a bit more searching, we found the explosives exactly where Aurora had suggested. The bulk of the charges had been placed on the reactor and the fuel reserves, but beyond just the absurd number of explosives, each of the ship’s six engines had been rigged to explode if they were powered up. Which made the whole thing a special type of engineering nightmare.

“I can’t fix this.” Aurora shook her head as she stepped back from the engines. She had spent the better part of an hour disarming the explosives, and was trying her best to undo the sabotage.

“Sami could probably do it,” Thea pointed out, which earned her a glare from the grease-covered ex-celestial.

“Well, I’m not Sami, and I’m telling you that I can’t.”

“Can you try messaging her again?” Thea looked towards me and I reluctantly nodded. Even if I was able to get a message to Samira, I doubted that she’d be able to walk us through fixing the engines using only a messaging spell. Still, it was worth trying, if only to know if she was okay.

Samira, can you hear me? Thea and I are back on the mortal plane. We’re coming for you as soon as we can, but the engines were sabotaged, and we don't know how to fix them.

Again, the message was sent, but not received. Which meant Samira was still unconscious, and I still had no way to contact her. Normally, I would at least try the scrying spell, but I didn’t know enough about the way the half-elf had counter-spelled me earlier to know if it could have been lethal. It was something I was planning on looking into if I ever got a free moment.

“Samira is still unconscious, which means we won’t be able to rely on her for help.”

“Okay, so we can't fix the engines. What’s the plan then?” Leila asked.

“If we can’t message Sami, what if we just message Ash, or maybe even Lysc? She’d probably be willing to help.” Thea’s idea wasn’t bad. In fact, we probably should have messaged Ash before we left the hells, but there were a few issues with relying on her for rescue.

“Unfortunately, it would take Lysc the better part of a month to get to us from Drassun, and while Ashaiya is probably closer, it would still likely take her a few weeks. Then there’s the issue of us being in Legion space.”

“Why would it matter if we’re in Legion space?” Aurora asked. “I mean, we haven’t necessarily been on the best terms with Garo, but it’s never been bad enough that he’d interfere with a rescue mission.”

“Ash fucked up a deal by trading a planet for a fake relic, and now it’s a whole big thing.” Thea waved off Aurora’s questioning look as she turned to me. “We can’t wait weeks to rescue Sami and Softie. Please tell me you have a different plan.”

“I wouldn’t call it a plan exactly.” I hesitated as the missing pieces came together in my mind. “But we still have the shuttle and we aren’t too far from where Sora said Paradise was hidden. If we’re lucky, then maybe we can find a lead to the kidnappers. In the worst case, we could use Paradise as a base of operations to stage an attack on Mother.”

Thea didn’t seem entirely convinced, and I definitely didn’t blame her. There wasn’t much to my plan. “When you say it’s ‘not too far’, what do you mean? Because, Bryce, that shuttle is pretty small for five people.”

“I’ll need to check the nav-computer on the shuttle to be sure, but if I had to guess, four or five days. Maybe more.”

“Alright, this is going to suck,” Thea announced as she pushed herself off the crate she had been leaning against. “I’ll go pack up some food from the kitchen. We’re also going to want to bring some pillows and blankets to make it more comfortable.”

“Wait, who said we were going to help?” Leila asked, which caused Aurora to chuckle.

“Oh, I’m definitely helping. There’s no world where I’m just going to sit around on a ship without power waiting for Ash to rescue me, and besides, this sounds like fun.”

“If Thea’s friends are in danger, then I’m helping, too,” Suriel added, much to Leila’s displeasure.

“Fine. I guess I’ll help,” she finally conceded.

“Thanks Lei, love you too,” Thea shouted back as she made her way to the kitchen.

# 3: Escape

Samira

“Okay, are you ready?” Sora asked, and I nodded hesitantly. So they uncapped a small vial under Krom’s nose. The orc struggled against the overly tight restraints as he cursed and tried to move his head away from the vial.

We hadn’t had any way to bind him other than the restraints that were used on me, which meant that even at their widest setting, they were still too tight for a burly orc. It definitely didn't look comfortable for him.

“What in the hells? Where am I? What’d you do to me?”

Sora dematerialized the vial in their usual way before taking a step back from Krom and answering. “You made the mistake of turning your back on Samira during our little fight and paid the price for it. Now, you’re going to help us escape.”

“And why would I do that?” Krom asked as he eyed Sora up and down. He didn’t look upset, and any disorientation he might have had from waking up was already gone.

“Because if you do, then we won’t kill you.” Sora crossed their arms and glared at the orc.

“Gonna need to do better than that,” he smirked up at Sora, which made me nervous. “If I help you, then the others will kill me. It’s a lose-lose situation. Sweeten the deal, and maybe I won’t sound the alarm.”

“I disabled your implants. You can’t sound the alarm.” I took a step forward and met Krom’s glare. “Listen, we’re going to blow up this ship when we leave. I figured we’d offer you a way off since you defended me, but if you don't want to take our help, then you can just die with everybody else.”

Both Sora and Krom looked surprised. Which made me realize that I might have forgotten to explain that part of the plan to Sora.

“And how exactly are you planning on doing that? Are you hiding a kiloton of explosives up your skirt?”

“I don’t wear skirts.” I frowned at Krom before explaining. “Can’t you feel it? Your reactor is already oscillating off cycle by at least a full rotation, probably closer to two or three. Even if this were one of Andromeda’s actual class sevens, and not some cheap knock off, you’d be lucky to last a month before it tore itself apart. As it is, I’m just going to spend ten seconds with a wrench and speed things along. This place will be Aether debris in the next half-hour. Along with anybody left aboard.”

Krom blinked dumbly at me before turning to Sora. “Did you understand any of that?”

“I got the important bits.” They smiled down at the orc. “Mainly the part about turning this place to scrap. So, tell me, are you actually willing to die for these assholes?”

“Five-hundred thousand,” Krom replied, which caused me to look at Sora in confusion. “Five-hundred thousand credits. That’s my price.”

“One-hundred thousand, and you get to keep whatever ship we end up stealing,” Sora countered before I could argue. He was literally going to die if he didn’t come with us. Why were we negotiating with him? Hells, we should have been the ones charging him!

“I get to choose the ship we steal?” Krom asked and smiled when they agreed. “Deal!” The restraints fell to the floor as he stood completely unbound. “Now, what’s the plan?”

“Don’t look at me. My plan was to kill you and rescue Sami. It sounds like she was the one thinking further ahead.” Sora turned to look at me.

“Oh, uh, right.” I might have stuttered just a bit before gathering up enough confidence to take a step forward and explain. “I need to get access to the engine room, then we all need to get to the hangar. But I’m not entirely sure where either of those are, plus there’s the issue with Sora’s core. You don’t have it, do you?”

“No, but I can feel it above us, and based on what I felt earlier, I’d say it’s a few decks below where I woke up.”

“It’s probably in the captain’s personal vault then, and if we’re going there anyway, we might as well pick up a few extra valuables on our way out.” Krom grinned, but Sora shook their head.

“We don’t have the time or storage space to go on a shopping spree. I’ll handle my core. Meanwhile, you two head to the engine room and then meet me in the hangar.”

“Are you sure?” I asked. Partially because I was concerned about Sora going alone, but mostly because not wanting to empty the captain’s vault was extremely out of character for them.

“I’m sure. Just stay safe and don’t leave without me.” Sora smiled before turning invisible and presumably walking off. I just shook my head at them.

“Do you two normally trust this easy?” Krom asked as he stared into the empty space where Sora had been.

“Three months ago, I would have said never, but things have changed recently. Besides, when Sora is involved, you need a bit of blind faith.” I turned back towards the orc with a half-smile. “So, where’s the engine room?”

“Not far, but we aren’t going to go directly there.” Krom turned around to pick up the binders before tossing them to me. “Put those on.” I glared at him without moving. “It’s in case we get caught, besides you already proved that they can’t hold you.”

“Alright fine, but if this is some sort of trick, then Sora is definitely going to kill you and I won’t even try to stop them this time.” I put the binders on my wrists, but made sure they weren’t locked.

“So much for blind faith, eh?” Krom smirked as he pushed his way past me.

“I have faith in Sora, not you.” I was struggling to keep up, and he wasn’t making any attempt to stay at my pace. “Besides, you should be thankful. I saved your life, remember?”

If you spot this narrative on Amazon, know that it has been stolen. Report the violation.

Krom snorted. “You saved Sora’s life, not mine. I still would’ve killed them, even if they had gotten the jump on me.”

“Sora killed your captain, remember?” I asked, feeling more than a little smug. “Do you really think you’re more capable than him?”

“Captain Leo was an overconfident idiot and deserved whatever he got. Hells, I’d bet my last credit that he was too busy thinking with his cock to defend himself. He wouldn’t have lost in a fair fight.”

We stopped in front of an elevator door, where Krom tapped on the display to summon it. I leaned against the wall and smiled up at him as I took a moment to catch my breath. “Doesn’t seem like much of an incentive for Sora to fight fair then, does it?”

“No, I guess it doesn’t.” He chuckled. “Still, I was winning until you got involved.”

“Just proves my point.” The door to the elevator opened, and I stepped in before turning around with a grin. “If you’re going to fight one of us, you better be able to kill us both.”

“You’re pretty cocky for a girl who spent all morning crying in a cell,” Krom commented as he followed me onto the elevator and selected the eighteenth floor.

“That was before I knew Sora was still alive. Besides, them suggesting that I go with you alone means that our plan is going to work and you won’t betray us.”

He was about to respond when the elevator came to a stop and the angry voice of a woman came through the intercom. “Captain Leo was found dead in his quarters and somebody helped a prisoner escape. If you see either of the kitsune siblings or Krom, kill them on sight.”

“What was that about your plan working?” Krom asked as he moved to the corner of the elevator and started pushing at the ceiling.

“This is just a minor setback.” I dropped the restraints that I was still ‘wearing’ and moved to the elevator display to push against a panel near the floor. This ship was just a knockoff of the Andromeda class seven super dreadnought, but I was hoping whoever had designed it kept close enough to the original that it had the same flaws built in.

I reached into the panel to tear out a handful of wires, which caused a burst of sparks before the elevator started moving again.

“What did you just do?”

“I removed the remote access to the elevator.” I closed the panel to contain the toxic smelling smoke that was trying to escape. “That should make it impossible for the navigator to access the controls, and since it’s no longer receiving the stop command, it’ll continue to the eighteenth floor. It’s a shit design, but works out in our favor this time.”

“Any chance you can do that with the rest of the ship?”

“Sure, I just need access to the navigator’s core, which is probably in engineering.” I let out a frustrated sigh. “But since the navigator can still see and hear us right now, they’re probably going to try to cut us off before we can get to it.”

“In that case, we’ll just have to be faster than them.” Krom moved to put himself between me and the door as he pulled a pistol from his belt. “Stay behind me and try to keep up.”

I nodded, and a few tense moments later, the door opened. I had half expected a rain of gunfire, but what we found instead had me even more concerned. It was eerily silent, and as we stepped into the hallway, I immediately understood why.

“Shit, it's sealed.” I sprinted the dozen or so meters through the utilitarian hall to the closed doors on the other side. “They’ve probably already started draining the atmosphere. We don’t have much time.”

I pried open the display to access the inner workings of the door. Simply pulling the wires out like I did on the elevator wouldn’t work here, since the doors weren’t nearly as isolated. I was going to have to find a different work around.

“Can we stop them from draining the air?” Krom asked, and I shook my head.

“Not from here. The navigator has full control over life support. The captain is probably the only person who could override it, and even he’d only be able to do that from the bridge.”

“Alright, new plan then.” Krom pulled me away from the panel and pointed back down the hall while pulling a thin white rope from a pouch on his belt. “Go stand over there and cover your eyes. This is going to be bright.”

“There’s no way you’re going to be able to cut your way through that door. It has to be at least a meter of durasteel.”

“Engineering is on the deck below us, and while the door might be durasteel, the floor sure as the hells isn’t.” He started arranging the rope in a circle near the base of the door while I moved a safe distance away. “Alright, here goes nothing.”

I turned away and covered my eyes, but could still see the intense white light from behind my closed eyelids. Meanwhile, Krom was laughing like a madman. “Oh, I’ve been wanting to use that one for a while now. You should be good to uncover your eyes. Just try not to breathe too much.”

I slowly uncovered my eyes and blinked away the spots before turning around to face the mad orc. “What was that?”

“Enchanted thermal rope. Burns through just about anything and it’s reusable to boot, just gotta wait for it to cool down.”

“That must’ve cost you a fortune.” I moved over to the newly formed hole to look down into it. As best as I could tell, it had cut through a maintenance access tunnel and continued to the level below. I could even hear a number of voices panicking on the other side. “Looks like we found engineering, but how do we get down there?”

The maintenance tunnel was only about two meters down, but the room below that had an impressively high ceiling, which made it a nearly ten meter drop from where we were standing.

“Here, hold this.” Krom handed me a pitch black feather, which I just kind of stared at in confusion.

“What is it?” Instead of acting like a sane person and explaining what the feather did, Krom decided to push me into the hole. I screamed all the way up until I felt my body sharply decelerate and safely float the last couple of meters to the ground.

My heart was racing as I landed and it took me a moment to realize that a pair of human men wearing coveralls were staring at me. I gingerly waved up at them. “Hey, sorry to, uh, drop in like this?”

Krom landed heavily to my left and shot them both before they could even reply. I scrambled to my feet and stomped over to poke him in the chest. “What the actual fuck? Next time, warn me before you push me to my death.”

“If I warned you, then you would have wasted time arguing.” He grabbed my wrist to stop me from poking him again. “Now, if you’re done complaining, then we are still in a hurry.”

“Fine, whatever, you look for the core while I deal with the reactor.” I tried to pull my wrist away, but Krom’s grip was iron tight.

“Where should I look to find the core?”

“Check by the main control center. It’s usually kept in a vault secured in the floor.” He didn’t release me after my explanation, which was starting to make me nervous. “Please, let go of my wrist.”

“Sorry, I was distracted.” Krom smiled down at me before very deliberately letting me go. The whole interaction made me feel uncomfortable. So, I quickly turned away without saying another word.

Engineering had been set up similarly to what we had back on the Fury, just scaled up to accommodate an antimatter reactor instead of a fusion generator. Which meant the center of the room was taken up by a black opaque cylinder surrounded by an immense number of corrugated pipes linking the rest of the ship’s primary systems to it.

The off-cycle oscillation was even more obvious from where I was standing now, and it was a miracle that the engineer in charge hadn’t already adjusted for it. All I needed to do was overclock the cycle speed a bit further, and everything would be set. So I grabbed a nearby wrench and got to work.

# 4: Escape Part 2

Sora

I left the vault as I adjusted the leather satchel on my shoulder. It was a bit dated, and definitely not my usual style, but I made it work. Besides, it wasn’t like I was bringing it along for the fashion. I just needed some way to safely carry my core, along with a few other trinkets I had found while searching for it.

I would’ve liked to stay longer and empty the entire vault, but it had been nearly five full minutes since the announcement to hunt Krom and Sami came over the intercom. My instincts were telling me that they would be fine, but it probably wasn’t a good idea to push our luck.

So, I walked a short distance down the hall to a nearby elevator, but stopped dead in my tracks as I saw the doors open. I pushed myself up against the wall and activated my invisibility spell just as a pair of figures exited. The two of them couldn’t have been more different from one another. I recognized the dwarf from earlier, but walking beside her was a tall, ethereal woman with flowing silver-blue hair dressed in a gossamer thin white robe that fluttered in a non-existent breeze. She was equal parts, intimidating and attractive.

“You’re certain that they haven’t left this floor?”

The dwarf shrugged as she responded. “As sure as I can be, but the captain had this entire level isolated from the hull. So, I can’t know what the intruder did after they got up here, but for what it’s worth, I can tell that they haven’t used the elevator to escape.“

“Which means you’re just as useless as usual.” The ethereal woman ignored the dwarf’s glare as her gaze swept over the hallway. “Stay by the elevators and focus your attention on the other two. Kill them if the opportunity arises, but don’t risk the safety of the crew or the integrity of the ship. We need to handle this cleanly in order to have any chance of justifying the change in leadership to the council.”

“Yeah, right? You seriously think they’re going to let you have Leo’s chair with Nora still around? We might as well just hand it to her on a silver platter. Hells, maybe if we grovel a bit, it’ll put her in a forgiving mood and she won’t have us executed.”

“Nora only has two moods, and neither of them are very forgiving. I’d sooner try to placate an aether leviathan in its nest than attempt to negotiate with her.”

“Well, whatever. Go do your thing, and try not to get killed.” The dwarf crossed her arms and closed her eyes as she leaned back against the wall. It was the sort of position an inexperienced navigator took while they were concentrating. Which made me think dealing with her was a low priority.

Samira should have already made it to the engineering deck, which meant it would only be a matter of time until she gained access to the ship’s primary systems. I knew from personal experience what she could do to a navigator once that happened.

So, instead, I followed the other woman back into the vault room. There was certainly an argument to be made that I should have snuck onto the elevator and made a run for it, but the way the woman was giving orders made me think she was important. Dealing with her sooner rather than later seemed like the better option.

“I know you’re still in there!” The woman shouted at the closed vault. “Come out now, and I might just allow you and your sister to live!”

I materialized my dagger as I quietly snuck up behind her. In a single fluid motion, I closed the distance and thrust my blade into the back of her head. The blade continued with no resistance, which caused me to fall forward and pass through the woman as if she wasn’t even there. I recovered with a roll and spun around to face her.

“Impressive. I didn’t even notice you were there. It’s no wonder Leo wanted to recruit you.” She smirked at me in a way that made my blood run cold.

“What is this? Some sort of illusion?” I asked as I watched the rest of the room for movement out of the corner of my eye. If she was an illusion, then the real thing must be somewhere nearby.

“Nothing of the sort.” She began to levitate a few centimeters off the ground and the air in the room started flowing into her. “I am Sanis, an elemental lord of air. I have no need to resort to parlor tricks to subdue the likes of you.”

I tried to respond, but the air was sucked from my lungs the moment I opened my mouth. This was somewhat problematic, but in my personal experience, breathing was highly overrated. So, instead of quipping like I had intended to, I reached into my sleeve and pulled out a plastic bag filled to bursting with a faintly glowing vine covered in leaves.

Sanis furrowed her brows at me as I tore open the bag and tossed it towards her. The flow of the air pulled the bag into the elemental lord, causing the faint glow to grow in intensity to the point of being nearly blinding.

“Wh-what is this? What did you do to me?” The air stilled, but it was already too late. I could see the mage’s bane still glowing from inside Sanis.

I took a moment to catch my breath before explaining. “It’s a weed that feeds on mana, and the more mana it has, the faster it feeds. Say, how much mana do you think an elemental lord of air has? I bet it’s a lot.”

“You can’t do this, I’ll die.” Sanis started to pull at the vines growing inside her chest, but touching them only made the weed spread faster.

“Yeah, it really is a tragedy.” I shook my head as I walked past the elemental lord of air. “I was saving that for somebody else. Now, I’m going to have to find a new bag.”

I didn’t even bother reactivating my invisibility spell as I left. I could see the dwarf lying face-down on the ground, catatonic but still breathing. Which meant Sami had probably found her core. I did my best to ignore the dying navigator while I called the elevator and waited for it to arrive. I didn’t have to wait long, and I boarded it as soon as I could.

If you discover this tale on Amazon, be aware that it has been stolen. Please report the violation.

It took a moment to study the display and find the hangar near the center of the ship. I selected the twenty-third level before taking a step back into the corner and finally reactivating my invisibility spell.

Thankfully, the short ride was uneventful, but the moment the doors opened, I knew that leaving wasn’t going to be nearly as easy.

More than a dozen gruff pirates were rushing throughout the hangar. As best I could tell, they were in the process of setting up fortifications and gun emplacements facing the elevators. But they were so busy moving crates that none of them seemed to notice an apparently empty elevator arriving. Which made it a simple matter for me to step off and approach.

There was a single man who appeared to be directing all the others. In fact, I recognized him as the human from the brig that I ran into on the way to rescue Sami. I absently wondered what he managed to extort from the dwarf as I snuck behind him.

The hangar was large, with four ships of varying size spread a comfortable distance from one another. None of them were small, but the largest was easily three times the size of the next biggest. While the smallest could still comfortably house a half-dozen crew.

Besides the ships, I counted eleven pirates I considered to be a threat, along with two more who were just moving boxes and didn’t appear to be armed.

I started with the blackmailing human who was issuing the orders. He was close enough to be heard by the others, so I covered his mouth and materialized my dagger in the back of his skull. I then silently sprinted to an elven man who wasn’t carrying his weight with the preparations and did the same. A human woman noticed his death, but I threw a conjured blade through her eye before she could raise the alarm.

Unfortunately, she hadn’t been standing alone and her companion, an androgynous orc, grabbed her as she fell. I threw another blade and caught the orc in the neck, but it was too little, too late. They managed to get a shot off, which went wide, but still drove the room into a frenzy of shouts and curses.

My invisibility spell was still holding, but I was pushing its limits with the amount of movement I was having to do. Of course, I couldn’t let up with this many people gunning for me, so I said a silent prayer to my favorite goddess before charging into the fray.

The remaining seven threats were loosely separated into two groups. I dodged wide in order to put the smaller group of three between me and the larger group of four. My thinking was that they would hesitate before firing blindly through their friends. They didn’t. Which caused two of the three in the smaller group to go down in a volley of friendly gunfire and for me to get shot in the upper thigh.

I stumbled, but caught myself in time to dodge behind a crate as they continued to fire. It didn’t feel like the bullet had hit an artery, but there was a lot of blood, which made it hard to tell. My nanites would stop the bleeding eventually, but I couldn’t wait for that, so I pulled a small vial of medical foam from my sleeve and broke it open against the wound. The pain was still going to slow me down, but at least now I probably wouldn’t die.

“We know you’re back there, and that you’re hurt.” A greasy sounding pirate shouted from the group of four. “Come on out and we can get you patched up. There’s no reason we can’t all be friends.”

“You backstabbing bastard! You just killed Kal and Yondi!” There was another hail of gunfire as the last of the group of three were sent to join Kal and Yondi.

“Like I was saying before I got rudely interrupted.” I reinforced my invisibility spell while Backstabbing Bastard continued his completely legitimate sounding offer. “Just surrender and we can all get out of this alive. After all, the captain is dead. There’s no reason we need to fight.”

I slunk around the corner of the crate opposite Greasy Backstabbing Bastard and peered over the top to get a better handle on the situation. Three of the four were moving painfully slow to flank where they thought I was still hiding. Meanwhile their ‘leader’ was holding his position while keeping his rifle raised. I wasn’t sure why they still trusted him to watch their back, but I admired their ignorance as I snuck by to get behind Backstabbing Bastard.

“Alright, ain’t nobody that can say I didn’t at least try!” The bastard shouted right before I materialized my dagger inside his throat. Then I grabbed his rifle as he went down and emptied what was left of the magazine into the three unsuspecting pirates.

Except, shooting your own allies takes bullets, which meant there wasn't much left in it for me, and my aim with a gun has never been the best, so only one of the pirates went down. The other two spun around and opened fire. I caught a round in my left shoulder, but still managed to drop the gun I was holding fast enough to hurl a conjured blade at the woman who shot me.

Another round went off, this one notably louder than the rest, and the final pirate dropped dead.

“You don’t look so good,” Krom noted as he stepped off the elevator and holstered his pistol.

“Sora!” Sami sprinted across the hangar to cling onto my side. I ignored the pain as I returned her hug, trying my best to keep the blood off her.

“Strange, because I feel great.” I deadpanned to Krom before addressing Sami. “I’m fine. Did you manage to sabotage the ship to your liking?”

“Everything is set, but we should get out of here in the next fifteen minutes.”

“When you say that, you mean…?” I let the question linger and Sami let go of me with a satisfied smile.

“I mean, if we don’t leave now, then we’ll definitely die in the explosion.”

“That’s what I thought,” I chuckled to myself before turning to our new orc ally. “You have four choices here. I’d recommend you choose quickly.”

Krom completely ignored the three smaller ships and went directly for the largest. It was ridiculously bulbous with a garish yellow paint job that could probably comfortably sleep sixty crew. I hated everything about it.

“No, seriously, you can pick any of the four.” I limped after him while Sami followed closely by my side. She was obviously concerned, but I did my best to ignore the look she was giving me as I continued to shout after Krom. “Really, you don’t have to choose that quickly. I mean, there are three others. You could at least look at them.”

“Just get aboard before you bleed to death.” Krom pounded on the hull, causing a hidden ramp to lower from one of the overly rounded sides. “Medical is on the right. Samira can tend to you while I get us out of here.”

“It’s his old ship,” Sami explained as she led me aboard. “Captain Leo took it from him to cover a debt or something. I didn’t really get it when he explained the situation to me, but it’s half of the reason he agreed to come with us.”

“What’s the other half?”

“You’d have to ask him about that.” Sami’s face turned bright red, which told me everything I needed to know. “Actually, on second thought, forget I said anything. It’s not that interesting. He just wanted his ship and the money you promised him.”

I was about to tease her some more when I heard something that stopped me dead in my tracks.

Sora, this is Bryce. I’m not sure if you can hear me, but I’ve been trying to contact you for the last few days. We managed to get safely back to the mortal plane, but we weren’t able to restore primary power to the Fury. Instead, we’re using the shuttle to travel to Paradise and cut off whoever captured you. Or failing that, create a base of operations to launch an assault on Mother’s compound.

# 5: Contact

Thea

“No, Thea, you cheat. I’m not playing with you anymore,” Leila complained as she continued to stare at the data-pad Bryce had lent her, and I just rolled my eyes. We’d been stuck on the tiny shuttle for the last three days, and still had two more days until we reached Paradise. Thankfully, the shuttle had a bathroom, and we still had plenty of food, but the whole thing was just so damn boring.

“Aurora is still playing, but we need one more and Suriel is out of money.”

“Aurora cheats, too. Why don’t you ask your girlfriend to play?”

“Bryce, do you--”

“Yes!” Bryce shot up from where she was sitting in the pilot’s seat with an enthusiastic cheer. Which was suspicious because she had never agreed to play cards with me before, and because I’ve never seen her this excited to play a game.

“Great!” I smiled and tried my best to mirror her cheer. “I’ll deal. Did you want to buy in with your leftover iron, or just credits?”

“What? Oh, I’m sorry, Thea, I don’t really want to play cards,” Bryce apologized, and I was about to shrug off her rejection, when she added the best news I had heard all week. “Sora finally responded to my message.”

“No way!” I immediately rushed over and wrapped my arms around her before asking a perfectly reasonable number of questions. “Where are they? Do they need help? Are they okay? Is Sami okay? What about the assholes who took them? Did you tell them you’re a god now? Wait! Don’t tell them, I want to do it.”

“No, I didn’t tell them I’m a god, because I’m not one, and give me a moment. Messaging like this isn’t the most efficient way to communicate.”

“Alright, fine, just, you know, make sure they’re okay and everything.” I sat down next to Leila and waited patiently for Bryce to finish talking to Softie.

“Stop bouncing your leg. It’s irritating.”

“You’re irritating,” I countered, but Leila just ignored me and kept reading. “Alright, fine. Bryce, come get me the moment you’re done talking to Softie.” She made a noncommittal noise, and I moved all three feet back to the cargo area where Aurora and Suriel were sitting on the floor.

“We were able to get a hold of our friends, but before you ask, no, I don’t know anything else yet. Bryce is still talking to them, but she said she’ll let us know when she’s done.”

“Yeah, we heard. Hopefully, that’s a good sign.” Aurora smiled up at me while holding out a deck of cards. “Guess we won’t be playing any more, huh?”

“Nah, probably not.” I took the cards and disappeared them into my ring. “I couldn’t convince Leila, and Bryce doesn’t really gamble.”

“You two do realize that we don’t have to play for cash, right?” Suriel argued, which caused me to raise an eyebrow.

“I’m not playing strip poker with my brother.”

“Yeah, dude, that’s just weird,” Aurora added with a frown.

“That’s not what I meant, and you both know it.” Suriel’s face was turning red, and the two of us couldn’t help but laugh at the poor guy.

“Alright, stop teasing Suriel. I have an update,” Bryce interrupted from the pilot’s chair before getting up and moving to stand across from me in the center of the shuttle. “Most importantly, Sora and Samira are both safe. There are a lot of details that Sora didn’t get into, but the gist is that they managed to escape their captors, and are currently aboard a ship on their way to Paradise.”

Love this story? Find the genuine version on the author's preferred platform and support their work!

I felt a wave of relief wash over me as Bryce finished her explanation. Sami and Softie were safe, which just left one last thing. “What about the assholes who took them?”

“They sold the bounty to a pirate captain, who Sora killed, but the original hunters are still on the run, and they still have Ithnaa.”

“What’s the plan, then? Are you going after them?” Leila asked. She had set her data-pad down and spun the chair around to face the rest of us.

“We’re going to continue on to Paradise to meet up with Sora and Samira. After that though… I’m not sure.” Bryce hesitated for a moment, before continuing. “I don't want to stay on Paradise for any longer than we need to with the bounties out there, but I also don’t want to suggest we fly back to our ship with another two people stuck in this shuttle.”

Aurora blanched. “Yeah, no thank you. As fun as it’s been getting to know Thea again, I could definitely use a bit of space at this point.”

 “Hey, you’re no joy to be around either.” I held my nose and waved my hand in front of my face. “You still smell like Tartarus, and three days without showering hasn’t helped.”

“Anyway,” Bryce’s interruption stopped Aurora from being able to argue, so she just gave me the finger and let Bryce continue. “The owner of the ship that they’re traveling on is a pirate who helped them escape. Sora is going to try to convince him to give us a ride, but if that doesn’t work, then I’m hoping to hire a captain on Paradise instead.”

“I don’t know the whole story, but is bringing more people into this wise?” Leila asked with a frown. “From my understanding, the bounty we’re dealing with here isn’t small, which makes me think the fewer people who know where your friends are, the better off we’ll be.”

“Which is why our best option is going to be to use the pirate who already knows who Sora and Samira are, if only to keep an eye on him.” Bryce paused for a moment before shaking her head. “Alternatively, we could try having Sora and Samira take the shuttle back alone, but then there’s the matter of Ithnaa.”

“She’s a djinn, right?” Aurora looked towards me, and I nodded, so she continued. “I’ve never met a djinn before, but from what I’ve heard, they can handle themselves. Besides, from the way Thea was explaining things, she’s not even a full member of your crew.”

I exhaled heavily as I ran my fingers through my hair. “No, she’s not, but if Mother figures out what Ithnaa was planning, then it’s going to get bad for her, like really bad.”

Bryce shook her head. “Beyond it just being the ‘right thing to do,’ Ithnaa knows too much for us to let Mother get a hold of her. She’s one of only a few people who can connect me and Thea back to Sora and Samira.”

“Plus, if Mother manages to turn her against us, then I wouldn’t like our chances,” I added.

“Alright, well, I’m convinced,” Aurora said with a shrug. “What about you two?”

“I’m happy to help in whatever way I can, and besides, I don’t really have another place to be.” Suriel matched Aurora’s shrug, but Leila didn’t seem so enthusiastic.

“We agreed to come with you if you would take us to meet Ashaiya, not join your crew. I was fine with helping you save your friends, but this is definitely above and beyond.”

“I can message Ashaiya and give her the coordinates to our ship, but as I mentioned before, it will probably take her the better part of a month to arrive and that’s not including any delay due to diplomatic concerns.”

Leila nodded at Bryce’s explanation, and we all waited as she seemed to come to some sort of conclusion. “If it’s going to take time, then I’d prefer if we set things in motion sooner rather than later. Until then, I don’t mind helping where I can. Just please make it a priority. I understand that you’re going through a crisis right now, and I don’t want to come across as too bitchy, but I’ve been thinking about Thea’s description of Ashaiya’s solution, and it has me worried. I’d like to get an explanation directly from her as soon as possible.”

“I’ve actually been thinking about that, too,” Suriel said with a frown. “What Thea described shouldn’t be possible, and even if it is, I’m not sure I like the implications. If you’re planning on confronting Ashaiya, then I’d like to be there.”

My eyes went wide as I realized what he was implying. “Wait, if you two are going to fight Ash, then I’m going to help.”

“Nobody is going to fight anybody.” Leila glared at me, but I could tell her heart wasn’t in it. “I just want to make sure whatever it is that Ashaiya is doing isn’t going to ruin dad’s reputation.”

I scoffed at that. “You mean like lying to all of his followers and tricking them into a fake afterlife?”

“If that's what she’s doing, then she must have a good reason. I just want to give her a chance to explain herself.” Leila definitely didn’t believe what she was saying, and we all knew it.

“Alright, I’ll get a message to Ashaiya and let you know once we have something arranged.” Bryce moved back to the pilot’s seat and Leila spun her chair back around, signaling the end of our discussion.

I turned towards Suriel with a grin and pulled the cards from my storage. “Okay, so what’re we betting now?”

# 6: Paradise

Bryce

“That’s not what I asked, Captain Virra. I need to know who knows you, not who you are. You can’t land here unless someone vouches for you.”

We were sitting just outside of Paradise, trying to negotiate a place to land. The station, if it could even be called a station, was actually tens of thousands of individual ships welded together to create a chaotic mishmash with no apparent rhyme or reason to the design. The end result was a multi-layered, web-like super-structure about the size of a small moon, and more guns than I could possibly count aiming at our tiny shuttle.

“And how much would it cost for you to vouch for me?” I gave the pale-skinned, curly haired human my best diplomatic smile as I sent him a transfer request for five thousand credits. “I won’t be here long, and I’m not looking for trouble.”

“I’m sorry Captain, that’s not how this--” the line muted for a moment as the man looked away from the camera and discussed something with somebody off screen. He returned a moment later with a half-grin. “Aright, captain, maybe we can arrange something, but not for five thousand. I can blur a few lines and get you aboard, but if this leads back to me, then it’s my ass, so it’s going to cost you, say, twenty thousand.” The human continued to grin at me, but his eyes told a different story.

“Sounds good. I’ll transfer you the credits.” I sent the request, and the man chuckled to himself before accepting.

“Thanks, Virra, it’s always a pleasure to meet a friend of Captain Penn. I’ll put you down on the edge of his territory, but I’d recommend you avoid his crew, and don’t stick around too long. He’s not the sharing type.” The call cut off, and I leaned back into my chair with a sigh as I mentally cursed. It would have been nice if Sora had mentioned that we needed someone to vouch for us.

“The asshole didn’t even give you his name,” Aurora pointed out from where she was standing behind me.

“He’s not expecting us to survive,” Suriel added, and I agreed with him. “Do we know anything about this Captain Penn?”

“Just his reputation.” I shook my head as I rotated my chair to face the others. “This is going to be a lot more dangerous than I expected, and as much as I hate to admit it, I think the nameless asshole is right. Our best bet is to get in, grab our people, and get out as quietly as possible.”

Thea groaned as she fell back onto the chair next to me. “Which means, if Sami and Softie’s new pirate friend doesn’t work out, then we’re all going to be stuck on this shuttle for another five days.”

“I’m starting to think that we would’ve been better off staying in Tartarus,” Aurora commented, which made me chuckle as I spun my chair back around and started us towards the station.

“We’ll see, but for what it’s worth, I’m going to make it my life's goal to never have to do this again. Any part of it.”

 



 

Navigating the traffic around Paradise pushed the limits of my piloting skills, but we eventually made it to the hangar. From the outside, it looked like a large portion of a mid-sized freighter, but once we passed through the light barrier, we could see that they had seamlessly integrated the hull into the station along with a half-dozen other ships from a half-dozen different corporations.

The hangar wasn’t large, but it was still big enough to land the shuttle with plenty of room to spare, and much to my surprise, it was empty. I had half expected a team of pirates waiting to ambush us. The fact that there wasn’t one raised my estimation of the man who allowed us to land. Albeit, not by much.

“Alright, let’s be quick.” I got up from the chair and made my way to the back of the shuttle. “Sora and Samira are staying at a bar called ‘The Last Loss.’ It should be somewhere in the south-eastern part of sector eight.”

“Wait, Bryce, if we’re going to try to be inconspicuous, then we should probably do something about all this.” Thea gestured towards Leila, which earned her a glare from her sister, and after a short moment, I realized what she was saying.

“She means your outfit. White robes would stand out anywhere, but especially on a pirate run station.”

“And there being three of us probably doesn’t help,” Suriel added to my explanation, and I nodded to agree.

“Don’t forget the black eyes,” Aurora laughed, but Thea just shrugged.

“I haven’t had too many issues with the eyes. If somebody looks at you funny, just snarl at them a bit.”

I raised an eyebrow at that. “Thea, half the people you meet immediately assume you’re a demon.”

“She’s not a demon.” Leila glared daggers at me, and I could feel the heat rolling off her.

“Lei, chill, she never said Thea was a demon, just that people were getting confused.” Aurora came to my defense before addressing Thea. “Even if we ignore the issue with the eyes, we didn’t exactly bring a change of clothes, so I don’t know what you want us to do about it.”

“Well, Bryce and I did pack for two weeks in the hells…” Thea gave me an apologetic look and I rolled my eyes at her.

“Okay, fine, but nothing tailored, and you’re paying for anything that goes missing.”

“Deal.” Thea started pulling clothes from her ring to distribute, and much to Leila’s dismay, the three siblings were dressed a few moments later.

Unauthorized use of content: if you find this story on Amazon, report the violation.

“It’s a bit--”

“Leila, if you finish that thought, then I’m going to banish you back to the hells.” The clothes Thea had picked were, of course, all mine, and since I had packed them to go to the lower planes, it meant they were overly practical designs in neutral colors. Thankfully, they seemed to fit Aurora surprisingly well, but were too big for Suriel, and a little too tight for Leila in a few very specific areas.

“Alright, alright, fine, I get it. I can make this work.”

“That’s what I thought.” I turned back towards Thea, who was smiling way too widely. “Is everything good? Can we go, now?”

“Not quite. I think you’re forgetting something.”

I frowned at her, trying to remember what I was forgetting, but Aurora was the one to answer. “Bryce, you reek of divine magic. If you walked out there like this, then half the station would know it. Hells, if there’s anybody who’s particularly sensitive in the area, then they probably felt you arrive.”

 “Shit.” I immediately started casting a short-range concealment spell and finished a few moments later. “I’m going to have to keep this damn spell up permanently, aren’t I?”

“At least, until you die or the mantle determines you’re worthy.” Leila shrugged at me before switching to a frown. “What’s your mantle, anyway? I mean, you’re not bad with magic, but you’re obviously nowhere near as good as Tess.”

“Leila! You know better than to ask that,” Suriel chastised.

“Yeah, Lei, that’s rude,” Aurora nodded in agreement before turning towards me. “But for real, what's your mantle? Usually, it’s pretty obvious, but I have no idea with you.”

“It’s… complicated.” I briefly considered explaining the entire situation, but decided against it. I was expecting the three of them to go work with Ashaiya after this, and I wasn’t sure how well I trusted her. “I’ll just say that we aren’t exactly sure what the mantle is, and I’m trying to prevent it from becoming what we suspect it might be.”

Leila and Aurora exchanged troubled glances, and Suriel groaned as he held his head in his hands. “You see? This is exactly why you don’t ask that question.”

“I mean, Bryce is just a candidate, so we don’t have to report her, right?” Leila asked, but she didn’t seem entirely convinced. I took a half-step backward, and Thea did the same.

“What are you guys talking about? Report her to who? And why are you pretending like you know about this shit? I barely know about it and Chorus explained a bunch of it to us in Hades.”

“You barely know about it, because you kept skipping all your lessons and eventually Ashaiya gave up on trying to teach you,” Aurora chided Thea before addressing Leila’s questions. “And we’re fallen now, which means we don’t have to report anything to anybody. Besides, Chorus took over for dad, and if he already knows, then there’s nothing to report.”

“I think Aurora is right,” Suriel agreed before turning towards me. “Bryce, if for whatever reason you’re not happy with what you think your mantle may be, then it might be worth talking to Ashaiya about it. Our father used to be responsible for mentoring new gods, and because of how often he was away, that usually fell to her.”

“I’ll remember that, but I’d appreciate it if you would keep this to yourself for now.”

Leila scoffed, then shook her head as she seemed to deflate. “Suriel was right. We shouldn’t have asked. We won’t mention it to anybody, especially not Ashaiya.” Suriel looked like he was about to object, but was cut off by a glare from Leila. “Anyway, your friends are probably getting worried, and we’ve wasted enough time here. We should head out.”

“Agreed. I’m not sure how far the place they’re staying is, and if the exterior is anything to go by, then it won't be easy to navigate this place.” I walked past the siblings to get to the shuttle door, and even as I spoke, I sent Thea a message through our implants.

This isn’t going to be a problem, is it?

Thea didn’t follow after me right away, but her response was immediate. Leila wasn’t lying, and Aurora will follow her lead, but Suriel didn’t look convinced. He can be a bit of a goody-two-shoes. I’ll get a promise out of him later, just to make sure.

Thanks, Thea. You’re the best. I felt a sense of relief wash over me as I sent my reply and even saved the image Thea had sent as a response to a private folder on my implants for later.

Of course, my sense of relief didn’t last as the shuttle’s ramp lowered to reveal a small group of heavily armed and armored pirates patiently waiting for us a few dozen meters away.

“Virra, is it?” The dark-haired human man in the front of the group asked. There were two other humanoids flanking him, but none of the three seemed to be overly threatened by the five of us coming down the ramp.

“Aye, that’s what Galen down in sorting said.” An extremely pale, short-haired, half-elven woman stepped forward to stand near the human. “He also said she knew the captain, but the captain said he don’t know her.”

“Doesn’t,” a large orcish man said from behind her. “The captain said he doesn’t know her.”

“What I said, innit?” The woman turned back towards the orc, and he started to explain his correction, when the human interrupted him.

“Worry about your grammar later, Shan. Our guests need a chance to explain themselves.” The human shifted his weight as we got into conversation range, but continued before I could speak. “Grun is right, though. You should have him explain the difference later.”

“Damn, thought I was gettin’ better,” Shan, the half-elven woman, muttered just barely loud enough that I could hear her, and then the three of them watched us expectantly.

“I paid a human a rather substantial sum of credits to let us land, and he directed us here.” I crossed my arms and let out an exhausted breath. “From what you’ve said, that seems to have been a mistake.”

Shan elbowed Grun, the orc, and leaned back to whisper something to him. To which he responded with a grunt, before saying loud enough for us all to hear. “Means a lot. The elf is saying she paid Galen a lot of credits to land in our territory.”

The half-elf nodded to the orc before returning to the conversation. “Man was a lancer. Which meant, he don’t have rights to let you land here. But if you paid him stantial, then maybe we can chance a deal.”

“I paid him twenty-thousand credits.”

The human whistled. “That’s a lot of cash just to land at our humble little station.”

“Shuttle is pretty nice, too,” Grun chuckled. “Doesn’t have a shifter though, which means something even nicer had to drop you off in the Aether.”

“And nice means expensive,” Shan added with a grin.

“Nice does mean expensive,” the human agreed. “Tell me, Virra, just how much is it worth to you and your friends to stay here?”

“I’d say, right around twenty thousand credits.” I answered, and when I did, I saw Thea step forward out of the corner of my eye to amend my offer.

“Well, twenty thousand credits, and three dead pirates.”

Shan frowned, and Grun tensed, but the human just laughed. “If that’s the route you’d like to take, my little elven friend, then you’re going to have to kill a lot more than just three. Our fleet is the second largest on the council, and if you start a fight in our territory, then you’ll be fighting all of us.”

“She’s not your friend, pal.” Aurora stepped forward and ignited a ball of golden flames directly above one of her open palms. “And we aren’t elves.”

Grun pulled his rifle up, but apparently couldn’t decide which of us was worth aiming at, because he kept switching targets. “Their eyes ain’t mods. Those four are demons.”

# 7: Making Friends With Threats

Thea

“Shit,” I cursed under my breath as I split my attention between the trio of pirates and the twins. Aurora was gritting her teeth and obviously pissed, but Leila was the one I was really worried about. She was just standing there in silence, trying to control her breathing.

“It’s Grun, right?” Bryce asked as she took a step towards the armed pirate. “The four standing behind me are extremely powerful devils, not demons. Trust me when I say there’s a difference, and you’ve just insulted them in a way that, under other circumstances, would justify killing you. As it stands, they’re showing tremendous restraint. I ask that you apologize before things escalate.”

“Why’d he do the apologizing?” Shan asked. “None of you seems too powerful to me. Maybe just kill you and sell the ship to pay for more bullets.”

Leila switched her glare from the orc to the half-elf as she took two steps forward, and I readied myself for a fight. But before she could charge, Bryce dropped her concealment spell. All three of the pirates cursed as they took a step back in unison, and the two who weren’t already pointing their rifles at us decided that now was probably the time to start doing it.

Bryce spoke in a deathly calm tone as she continued to stare at the pirates. “We aren’t here to start a fight, but we won't stand by and be insulted. Apologize for your mistake and we can go back to negotiating. You have the opportunity to make a lot of money here. Don’t throw that away for a bruised ego.”

There was a very tense few moments before Grun released his rifle, allowing the shoulder strap to catch it. He then pushed his right fist into his open palm and bowed at the waist towards us. “You have my deepest apologies. I am ignorant as to the ways of the lower planes, and meant no offense. I swear to you that I will not make this mistake again.”

“Daaamn, I like this guy.” I smiled as I turned to check on my siblings. Leila and Aurora were still glaring, while Suriel was frowning. But Suriel’s frown was the ‘I’m upset and uncomfortable’ type, so he probably didn’t want to kill anybody, and the glares from the twins were only about half as murdery as before. Which was definitely a good sign.

“Leila, it’s your call,” Bryce said without looking back towards her.

“Fine. Orc, you are forgiven, but for your own sake, I suggest you educate yourself. I won’t forgive you a second time.”

Some of the tension left the air, and the other two lowered their rifles as Grun exited his bow.

“Now that we’re back on the right foot, I think we can make negotiations brief,” the human said with a frown. “The cost for an outsider is ten-thousand credits per rotation, which is about thirty hours here on Paradise. That doesn’t include security, and we aren’t vouching for you. If you make trouble while you’re here, or overstay your welcome, then we take the shuttle. Understood?”

“I understand.” Bryce nodded, but then added with a smirk. “However, would you be willing to accept twenty-five thousand credits for two cycles?”

Shan looked confused as she turned towards the human, then back to Bryce. “That’s more than we said, innit? What’s your trick?”

“It’s simple, really.” Bryce crossed her arms as she shifted her weight. “I’ll pay you five thousand now, and you can collect the other twenty from Galen down in sorting.”

The human chuckled. “If you’re tight on cash, then how about you lot join up with us? You hardly have to follow any orders, and you can keep your own ship. Plus, we wouldn’t charge you to land, and there’s plenty of money to be made.”

I thought the human’s offer sounded pretty fun, but Bryce shook her head. “Sorry, I’m not interested in hijacking corporate freighters just to sell raw materials for a fraction of their actual cost. If I was hurting for money, then I could think of a dozen other ways to make a lot more.”

The human’s smile didn’t even waver as he shrugged off Bryce’s rejection. “Alright, Virra, you’ll get your two cycles, and we’ll even collect your entire fee from Galen, under the condition that you come and find me personally before you leave. You have my word that you won’t have to commit to anything other than a brief conversation.”

“You have yourself a deal.” Bryce took a few steps forward to hold out her hand to the human. He matched her and they shook. “Where should I meet you, and who do I ask for?”

“Just swing by the cantina and ask for Jax. You might have to wait for a bit, but I doubt it’ll be too long.”

“Not called the cantina,” Shan interrupted with a frown. “Get lost without the name.”

“I’m sure she’s perfectly capable of finding it,” Jax frowned at Shan before turning back towards Bryce. “Just ask around for the cantina in our territory. Everybody will know what you mean.”

This text was taken from Royal Road. Help the author by reading the original version there.

“You should tell her the name.” Grun gave Jax a look that definitely piqued my interest.

“We’re terrible with directions. If you don’t tell us, then there’s no way we’ll find it,” I chimed in and Bryce just raised an eyebrow at the human while keeping her mouth shut.

Jax let out an annoyed sigh. “The cantina is a bar called Penn’s Pretty Prick, and despite every last reasonable person in the fleet objecting to the name, they still refuse to change it.”

Aurora snorted behind me, and I just gave into a fit of full belly laughter. “Oh, that’s great. I’ll definitely buy whoever came up with that a drink.”

Jax shook his head with a half-grin. “The one who came up with the name is long dead, but you can buy something for Yvette. She’s the current owner and still gets a kick out of it.”

“We’ll do that then. Was there anything else you needed from us?” Bryce asked.

“No, nothing,” Jax answered before quickly turning serious. “But just because we’ve taken a liking to you doesn’t mean the rules have changed. Nobody is vouching for you, security isn’t included, and if you start trouble or overstay, then you lose the shuttle.”

Bryce nodded in agreement. “Understood.”

The three of them seemed like they were about to leave when I interjected. “Actually, one last thing, if you don’t mind. We’re meeting our friends at a bar called the Last Loss, or something like that, and I wasn’t joking about us being bad with directions. Is there any chance you could tell us the best way to get to them?”

 



 

There was no bar called the Last Loss on Paradise, but there was a brothel called the Lost Lass. Bryce didn’t even need to send Sora a message to figure out that’s where they went.

It was really far from where we had landed, but Paradise had a surprisingly reliable transit network that could get you to just about anywhere on the station in only a few hours. The whole place was pretty neat. It felt kind of like we were walking through a fancy mall. There were high ceilings, open spaces, and even the occasional deadly brawl.

The shortish walk to the transit station, and then the longer walk to the Lost Lass, was exactly what we needed after spending nearly a week stuck on a shuttle. Plus, it only took about fifteen minutes of us getting uneasy looks before Bryce remembered to recast her concealment spell.

Then there was the brothel itself. Most of the ‘buildings’ on Paradise were old ships permanently patch-worked onto larger ones that had been gutted to make the whole place feel open, but the Lost Lass took a slightly different approach. It was a fully functional starship that was docked with the station. Which meant we had to go through an airlock in order to get aboard, and once the airlock door opened, we were immediately hit with a smoky wave of perfume scented air.

From where we were standing, we could see a few dozen mostly empty booths with comfortable looking tables surrounding an empty stage. Every surface was covered in silk, or satin, or velvet, or something equally fancy, and all the people were covered in, well, very little.

While I was taking in the sights, our group was greeted by a smiling satyr. She had adorable little horns peeking out of her curly brown hair, and halfway down her legs got really hairy before switching to goat hooves. Then the coolest part by far was her eyes. She had square pupils.

“Hello! I’m Sanya! Welcome to the Lost Lass! I don’t recognize you. Have you been here before? Is there a specific person, or persons, you’re looking for? Or maybe you want to peruse a little?” Sanya bounced her eyebrows a few times, and it seemed like she was waiting for an answer, but just as Bryce went to speak, she continued. “We also have food and drink at the bar--all imported, so you don’t have to worry--a smoking room, a gaming room, and if you’re willing to pay extra, you can rent a special room where you can do all of the above for free so long as you have the credits to keep it reserved.”

“Wait, it’s free so long as we keep paying for it?” Aurora asked with a smile.

“Yep!” Sanya leaned in towards Aurora conspiratorially. “I can arrange a special discount for you if you promise to order me.”

Bryce shook her head as red started to creep in on the tips of her ears. “That’s alright. We were actually looking for a pair of kitsune siblings. Could you let them know we’re here?”

“Kitsune?” Sanya frowned as she took a step back to think. “I don’t know of any kitsune. They’re kind of exotic, but we rotate our staff pretty often so I can ask around. Just so you know, we charge extra for siblings.”

“Wait, that’s not…” Bryce tried to object, but Sanya was already bounding off into the sea of silk. “Dammit. Alright, well, I don’t see either of them. Let’s grab a booth and I’ll send a message to let them know we’re here.”

“Sounds good, but we should order some food while we wait. I’m starving.” I pushed forward to lead the way to the booth near the stage. “Besides, we probably need to plan what we’re going to do next, and that’s always way more fun with food.”

“Does that mean you’re offering to pay?” Leila asked as she slid into the booth first. I let Aurora and Suriel join her before sitting next to Bryce and responding.

“Sure, I don’t mind paying for the food, but Aurora is covering drinks. Gods know she won enough playing cards on the way here.”

“Which means I’m the one actually paying,” Suriel complained, which just led to Aurora wrapping an arm around his shoulder and pulling him into a hug.

“Don’t look so down. You’re also funding the alone time I spend with Sanya later.”

Suriel gently pushed the laughing Aurora away. “I could have gone my entire life without knowing that I helped pay for my sister to sleep with a satyr.”

“I warned you she cheats,” Leila said as she picked a menu off the table and started reading through it. “If you had listened to me from the beginning, then you wouldn’t have lost all of your iron. Speaking of which, either everything here is extremely expensive, or I don’t remember the conversion rate nearly as well as I thought I did.”

“In their defense, most people don’t really come here for the food.” Bryce picked up her own menu and started scanning through it. “And your memory is fine. The prices here are ridiculous.”

“They have to import everything, which makes it expensive. It's like that everywhere we've been on the station,” Sami said as she approached the table with a wide grin. “Hey, captain. Hey, Thea. I’m glad you’re both safe.”

# 8: Dinner Conversation

Samira

“Sami!” Thea shot up out of the booth to give me a crushing hug, which I returned as best as I could. She somehow felt even stronger than before, and even though she obviously wasn’t trying to hurt me, I was still finding it difficult to breathe.

“Thea, be careful, you’re strangling the poor girl,” the blonde with long hair chastised, which caused Thea to let go of me.

“So, these are the friends you were waiting for? I wasn’t sure because you said there were only supposed to be two of them,” Sanya asked from behind me and I nodded as I took a moment to catch my breath.

“Yeah, this is them. Thanks, Sanya.”

“Of course,” the satyr smiled towards the group at the table before pulling me a short distance away and speaking in a hushed tone. “Give me the signal if you feel uncomfortable, and I’ll go get Tals, alright? And don’t go anywhere with them unless you tell at least two people first. Actually, your implants still aren’t working, right? So, no going anywhere until you get them fixed.”

“Sanya, these are my friends. You don’t have to worry about them. I’ll be okay.”

Sanya chewed on her lip as she glanced back towards the table. “Alright, but I’m still going to slip something into whatever the short one orders. Nothing too dangerous, but I don’t want her trying anything, and she seems like the type.”

“Please don’t drug Thea,” I pleaded, and she reluctantly nodded.

“Fine, but I’m going to stay close just in case.”

“Thanks, Sanya.” I gave the satyr another hug before turning back towards the table.

“Is everything okay?” the captain asked.

“Everything is wonderful!” Sanya answered as I slid into the booth next to Thea. “Can I interest you in food, or drinks, or maybe a bit of entertainment?”

“That depends. Do you accept iron?” Thea asked, but before Sanya could respond, I interrupted.

“Just put it on my tab. I should have plenty left.”

“Sure! What can I get you then?”

Everybody put in their orders, and Sanya bounded off to the kitchen, finally leaving me to talk to Thea and the captain alone. Well, mostly alone.

“Are you three related to Thea?” The devils sitting across from me looked remarkably similar to her, just slightly older and probably more mature.

Thea nodded as she pointed to each of them. “Yep! That’s Aurora, and her twin Leila, then finally Suriel. They were stuck in Tartarus, and we helped them escape, so they agreed to help us find you. Aurora even fixed the bombs back on the ship.”

The short-haired one shrugged as she leaned back into the booth. “Except I wasn’t able to fix everything, so your engines are still rigged to explode. Which meant we had to fly all the way here on the shuttle.”

“What do you mean? How exactly were they rigged to explode?” The people who raided our ship weren’t on board for long, and they left in a rush. There was no way they had enough time to set up all the traps and then sabotage the engine.

“Your fuel lines were all twisted, then the power was routed through random sub-systems. If we powered the engines, then half the arsenal would’ve detonated and the shields would’ve fried anyone who survived the explosion.”

“That’s not sabotage. I re-routed the fuel lines to account for variable burn rates across the engines, and the power was routed that way to drain the lines faster. I needed them to be completely empty in order to work on the shields.”

“Wait, seriously? That’s suicide.” Aurora gave me an incredulous look, but I dismissed her.

“It’s not as bad as everyone thinks, it just takes a little more daily maintenance. Besides, it was better than spending an extra hour in an aether leviathan nest, and since the captain keeps insisting on going out on top of the ship every time we’re in real-space, we needed the shield upgrades.”

“I’ve only done it twice, that’s hardly every time,” the captain objected, and Aurora started laughing.

“Okay, that sounds like a story I need to hear.”

“I’ll tell you later,” Thea grinned before turning towards me. “But first, we should probably figure out where Softie is, and what the heck happened to you.”

“Right.” I took a moment to center myself before explaining. “Ithnaa came back to the ship a couple of days after you two left with Esme.”

“Ithnaa was the one behind it?” Thea stared at me wide eyed before turning towards the captain. “Wait, wasn’t she kidnapped too?”

“Maybe we should let Samira tell us what happened before jumping to conclusions?” The captain asked with a raised eyebrow.

“Fine, but if Ithnaa was the one who did this, then I’m going to be pissed.” Thea leaned back into the booth with her arms crossed. “Go ahead Sami, explain what happened.”

“Ithnaa wasn’t the one behind the attack. In fact, the only reason she was captured at all was because she was trying to protect us. She should’ve just teleported away, but she didn’t.”

“How were the hunters able to overpower her?” the captain asked.

“I don’t know what it was exactly, but they had some sort of magic-based weapon that I think was single-use. They said that they brought it to deal with you, captain.”

Unauthorized duplication: this tale has been taken without consent. Report sightings.

“Which only raises further questions.” The captain said with a tired sounding sigh. “Please, continue Samira.”

“Um, right, not long after she came back, maybe ten minutes, the ship was hit with some sort of specialty weapon designed to knock out a navigator. Ithnaa called it a synapse overload bomb, but I had never heard of it.”

“Bryce, do you know what that is?” Thea asked, and the captain frowned.

“No, but I can see how something like that would be useful. Thea, let’s keep the questions until the end. Just give Samira a chance to explain everything first.”

“Fair enough. Go ahead Sami, I’ll stop interrupting.”

I nodded to Thea before continuing. “The bomb knocked Sora out, then Ithnaa told me to take them and hide in the kitchen. I don’t know how long we were in there, but after Ithnaa nearly killed one of the hunters, they used the weapon. I heard them talking near the bar, so I hid Sora in the maintenance corridors behind the pantry and tried to get to the shuttle to escape. That’s where I ran into the one they called ‘doc’, and he was holding Sora’s core.”

I trailed off as Sanya arrived with our food. She set it down on the table, then gave me a concerned look. I did my best to smile up at her, but that didn't seem to help.

“Sanya, I promise I’m fine.” I wiped my eyes and my fingers came away wet, which caused me to laugh quietly to myself. “I guess it’s just kind of hard to talk about.”

“We can move to a different table if you’d prefer to have this conversation without three strangers,” Thea’s brother, Suriel, offered, and I shook my head.

“That’s alright. I’m already past the worst of it, well, mostly.” I turned back towards Sanya, who hadn’t stopped with the look. “If you’re that worried about me, then you’re welcome to sit with us while I explain.”

“Actually, would you mind? Maybe you could give some context to parts of Samira’s story after she’s done?” the captain asked, and Sanya nodded.

“Sure, but house rules say you have to pay for my food.” Sanya grabbed a chair from a nearby table and set it on the open side of the booth. Then she reached over me to snatch a taco from Thea’s plate.

“Hey! I was going to eat that!”

Sanya stuck her tongue out at Thea, which caused the captain to chuckle. “It’s fine, Thea. You can have some of my salad.”

Everybody sitting at the table looked at the captain’s salad, which had absolutely no meat in it, then back up at her.

“Babe, I love you, but just no.” Thea then reached across the table to steal a chicken breast off of Aurora’s plate using a fork.

Which caused Aurora to growl and turn towards Leila, but any stealing was stopped short by a glare from her twin. So, she turned in the other direction and took a fistful of fries off of Suriel’s plate. Suriel didn’t seem all that upset and just continued to eat his fried fish with a fork.

The display made me chuckle and my mind went back to Sora, hoping that they were okay.

“Is everyone good now?” the captain asked, looking around wearily, and when nobody objected she turned her attention back to me. “Alright, Samira, whenever you’re ready.”

I took a moment to remember where I had left off, then I started back into the story. “Somehow, ‘doc’ managed to find where Sora’s core was, and got a hold of it before I could. He used it to capture me without too much of a fight.”

“You did the right thing, Samira.” The captain reassured me, and I nodded.

“It definitely didn’t feel good at the time, but looking back on the situation, there really were no good choices. I even tried to resist their interrogation, but they knew the answers either before they asked the questions, or immediately after. I still don’t know how they managed that.”

“They interrogated you?” Thea asked. She had stopped eating, and I could feel the heat rolling off her in waves.

“Sort of?” I frowned. “They didn’t hurt me. Their leader—her name was Anali—just asked me a bunch of questions. I didn’t say anything, but she somehow still knew all the answers, and from the way she was reacting, it seemed like she knew them immediately after asking, even when I didn’t say anything.”

“Did you see her cast any spells?” the captain asked. “There's magic that lets you read someone’s mind, and the half-elf who was holding you was able to counter my scrying. Which means they had some degree of magical talent.”

“That was probably Anali. She was the only half-elf I met. But no, I didn’t see her cast anything.”

“Then that’s just another mystery for us to solve,” the captain trailed off for a moment before continuing. “If I can connect a few dots here, this Anali figured out that we were teleporting back to the ship and left a series of traps for us, then because she somehow knew I could contact you with magic, she sedated the three of you so that I wouldn’t be able to get a message through.” I nodded, and she kept going. “Then that only leaves the question of why you ended up on a pirate’s ship instead of Mother’s compound, and how exactly you managed to escape.”

“Like you said, we were sedated for most of the flight here, so I don’t know why Anali sold us to Captain Leo instead of Mother. But as to how we escaped…” I wasn’t sure how much detail to go into, and I honestly wasn’t entirely sure how Sora turned the tables on the pirate captain, so I decided to keep it simple. “Well, Sora managed to kill their captain, then we convinced Krom, one of the crew, to help us get to the hangar and steal a ship. Once we got here, we found the Lost Lass. They’re protecting us and letting us stay in exchange for some basic maintenance jobs.”

Sanya snorted at that. “Sami fixed basically everything, and she did it in less than two days. Before she came along we barely had air conditioning. Now, we could even leave the station if we wanted. Could probably even survive in real space long enough to find a respectable place to dock. Not that we would. Most of us are here for a reason.”

“So, that just leaves the question of where the heck Softie is at.” Thea looked toward me expectantly and I let out a tired sigh.

“Krom was worried about staying on the station after what happened to his captain, so he found himself a new navigator and left as soon as he could. But before he did, he introduced Sora to someone he trusted who had a ship for sale. We would have waited for you to get here, but the seller was getting impatient and we didn’t know when you were going to show up.”

“Hopefully, that means we won’t have to fly back on the shuttle,” the captain said, and everybody at the table seemed relieved. “It also means we can focus our attention on the rather urgent problem in front of us. Sanya, do you know who this Anali is? Or possibly what a bounty hunter would do if they managed to get their hands on a syndicate lord?”

Sanya shook her head. “No idea, and no freaking clue. Kidnapping a syndicate lord has got to be the dumbest thing I’ve ever heard, and trust me when I say that I’ve heard a lot of really dumb things. But just because I don’t know, doesn’t mean nobody does. I can ask around and get back to you.” 

“I would appreciate that,” the captain said, before looking back at me. “Based on the timeline you laid out, these bounty hunters only have a few days' head start on us. Would it be possible to catch up to them with the Fury if we assumed that they were going directly to Mother’s compound?”

I considered the question for a moment before shaking my head in defeat. “I don’t know. It depends on how quickly we can get back, and how fast they can move. Honestly? I don’t think it’s likely. Not if they’re going directly to Mother.”

“How long do you think we have?” Thea asked, and I shrugged.

“A week, two at most, but that’s assuming they don’t contact Mother and have her meet them halfway.”

The captain tapped on the table with her nails a few times before coming to some sort of conclusion. “Alright, in that case, we aren’t going to try to catch up to the bounty hunters. Instead, we’re going to spend the time we have here to learn as much about them as possible. If we can contact them, then maybe we can make a deal. If they refuse, then we might be confronting Mother sooner than we expected.”

# 9: Back Together

Sora

“But you have to admit, she has good bones.” The dwarf smiled up at me as he swelled with what had to be false pride. “Get a half decent mechanic working on her, and she’ll last you the rest of your life.”

“Yeah, because you’ll die the first time you try to shift, and it doesn’t matter how good her ‘bones’ are when half of them are exposed. You already started scavenging the damn hull plating.” I glared down at the pudgy man, but he seemed completely immune to it.

Krom had introduced me to Ulyd before he left Paradise with his metaphorical tail between his legs. He said the dwarf owed him a favor and would set us up with a ship, but I was starting to think that it was the other way around.

What Ulyd was trying to sell me was an older freighter, probably pushing two centuries, and covered in battle damage. To make matters worse, he had already started to salvage it. “Seriously, how much did you pay Krom to bring me here?”

Ulyd chuckled from beside me without taking his eyes off what was left of the ship. “I haven’t paid him anything, not yet at least. He makes a percentage of any sales.”

“And there it is. Ulyd, you might be a crook, but at least you’re an honest one.” I turned back towards the wreckage with a sigh.

“That’s about the best you can hope for around these parts. What do you say? You interested?” I could hear the grin in his voice, and I shook my head.

“I don’t mind if it needs a few repairs, but I’m not about to pay for something that can’t even hold an atmosphere.”

“I won’t argue against that.” Ulyd chuckled right before spitting something dark onto the ground. I took a step away to get further from the smell. “Tell yah what though, you pay full price, then I’ll let you use my scrap yard to fix her up. Even give you a discount on the parts from my shop.”

“Sure, so I can buy back everything you just took off it?” I asked, and when he didn’t respond, I just shook my head. “Give me a couple of hours to talk to my mechanic. I’m not committing to anything until they get a look at it.”

“Two hours then. After that, I’m scrapping what’s left of it. You talk to your mechanic, and give him the specs when you do. He’ll know what it’s worth.”

“I’m sure he will.” I turned to walk away, and just as I was leaving the hangar, I shouted back. “And don’t take anything else off the damn ship or I’m not paying for it.”

 



 

“Hey Tal, how’s business?” I stepped out of the airlock onto the Lost Lass as I greeted the brown-haired human standing near the entrance. Talin was a pirate who lost her left arm, and most of her shoulder, assaulting a federation military outpost. She said the mechanical replacement was worth it, but I wasn’t convinced, and based on the fact that she retired from piracy right after, I wasn’t entirely sure she was either.

“One asshole dead, and two booted.” She crossed her arms and smiled up at me. “Slow days are nice, eh?”

“They can be.” I returned her smile, before nodding towards the mostly empty room. “Have you seen Sami around?”

Tal’s eyes went wide as she remembered something. “Oh shit, right, I was supposed to tell you to meet her up in A-3. Sanya was covering for me while I was taking out the trash, and a group showed up claiming to be your friends. She wasn’t sure because there were three more than you said, and she’d taken your request to protect Sami to heart, so she’s sticking with her till you show back up.”

“Oh? Am I paying for that too?” I asked just to be coy, but my mind was working to figure out who the extra three people were. Bryce’s messaging spell required a surprising amount of focus to use properly, especially if you were on the receiving end, and that wasn’t exactly my specialty. I wouldn’t be surprised if more than a little of our conversation was lost in translation.

“Nah, one of your friends is covering for it, the blonde one with black eyes. I didn’t catch her name.” Tal snorted at her own description. “Although that probably doesn’t help all that much. Most of them were blonde with black eyes--shit’s creepy. She had short hair? Taller than the other one with short hair, though… Shit, I’m not explaining this well. Anyway, Sanya took a liking to her. Probably going to try to get her to stay for the night if she can manage. Longer if she’s willing to stick around. Maybe you could grease the wheels a bit there? Sanya has been in a slump since she got that message in from her brother, and--”

“Talin, you’re rambling,” I interrupted the poor human. She didn’t exactly have the best social skills, but she was leagues better than most pirates.

A bit of red was creeping in on the girl’s cheeks, but she recovered soon enough. “Dammit, sorry about that. Do you know where A-3 is, or did you want me to walk you up there?”

“If you wouldn’t mind. I’m still getting used to the ship.” That was only about half true. Figuring out the layout of the Lost Lass was my first priority after the mistress allowed me and Sami to stay. I mostly just wanted Tal with me because I wasn’t expecting five people to show up looking for us.

The descriptions that she had given made me think that at least one of them was Thea, which probably meant Bryce was with her, but I wasn’t sure about the other three.

“Of course, it’s just upstairs.” I followed her into the main area behind the stage, and up the stairs, then past a few overly decorated doors before we reached one labeled A-3. “This is it.”

“Thanks Tal, I appreciate it.” I went to open the door, but she reached out and grabbed my hand to stop me.

“I wasn’t joking about Sanya. She’s having trouble making enough to eat right now, and if this keeps up, then she won’t be able to afford the rent on her room. If that happens…”

I nodded. “I’ll see what I can do.”

“Thanks Sora. If there’s anything you need, let me know.” Tal let go of me, then turned around to leave before I could even respond. I just shook my head and hit the panel near the door to open it. I didn’t know Sanya very well, and I had no idea who this crush was, but I was going to do my best. That was assuming that this mysterious devil wasn’t going to hurt her.

“Softie!” Thea leapt from the black leather couch lining the wall of the small semi-circular room and slammed into me before I could even get through the door.

“Hey Thea, glad you didn’t explode.” I returned her hug as I scanned the room for the new additions. They weren’t hard to spot. Three devils, very obviously Thea’s siblings, were sitting together with Sanya, Sami, and Bryce.

“You should be glad. It was a near thing." The short-haired woman laughed. She was definitely the one that Tals had mentioned, and based on how close Sanya was sitting to her, I wouldn’t have to do much to help them along.

“How near?” I asked as I untangled myself from Thea’s grip. She seemed a little drunk.

“Bryce almost walked into a bomb, but Aurora saw it and told Leila to stop her.” Thea’s eyes went wide after she finished her explanation. “Oh right! You don’t know them yet. This is Leila, and her twin Aurora, then Suriel. They’re my brother and sisters that we rescued from Tartarus, and they came to help save you.”

Love this story? Find the genuine version on the author's preferred platform and support their work!

“And why were they in Tartarus?” I didn’t know much about the lower planes, but Tartarus had a reputation. Usually, I wouldn’t care, but I was somewhat worried about Sanya getting in over her head.

“They’re safe, Sora,” Bryce said before adding almost as an afterthought. “Well, so long as you’re not demon nobility.”

“Okay, that seems like a story I’d like to hear.” I glanced over at the trio, and Aurora grinned up at me.

“I bet you would, and I’d be happy to tell you all about it after we figure out a way to leave this place that doesn’t involve cramming all seven of us onto your tiny shuttle.”

“Aw, you’re leaving already?” Sanya pouted, which caused Aurora’s grin to fade.

“I mean, not yet? We’re still going to be here for at least a few cycles, right?” She looked to Bryce for confirmation, and I mentally filed the ‘Sanya x Aurora’ situation as resolved. At least for now.

“That depends on how Sora’s lead on a new ship turned out,” Bryce answered, and all eyes turned towards me.

“Not great. Here Sami, take a look at this.” I tossed her a data-pad before explaining. “Most ships that are captured get immediately processed and added to a crew’s territory, with a few expensive exceptions. One such exception is available, but it was sitting too long and the owner already started to part it out. We could buy it and Sami could probably fix it, but it would take time.”

“Does the owner still have the missing parts? Or would we have to source them on the station?” Sami asked without looking up from the data-pad, and I frowned.

“Both. He has the parts, and he’s willing to sell them back to us for a discount. He also said we could use his scrap yard, but he didn’t mention a price. If I had to guess, we’re going to have to negotiate for every nut and bolt we need.”

“Sounds expensive,” Leila pointed out, and everyone seemed to agree. “Buying might make sense if you have no alternative. But it feels like something of a waste to not use it after you get back to your ship. Would you be willing to sell it to me at that point?”

“Do we need our own ship?” Suriel asked. “We’re planning on meeting with Ashaiya soon, and I’m sure she would lend us one if we just asked.”

“Bryce, has she gotten back to you with a meeting time or location yet?” Leila asked, and when Bryce confirmed Ashaiya hadn’t, she continued. “I don’t think we can rely on our sister to come to our rescue, and as much as I hate to admit it, I’m not sure we should trust her until we know what’s going on.”

Aurora nodded after a moment of thought. “I think I agree with Lei. Even if we go into it trusting Ash, I’d be a lot more comfortable with our own method of escape in the middle of her mortal fleet.”

“That’s dad’s fleet, not hers,” Suriel pointed out, which caused Leila to let out a resigned sigh.

“Not anymore, it’s not. I’ve been thinking a lot about this over the last week, and I never thought I’d be saying this, but Thea was right. Father isn’t coming back. What’s left of his domain is up for grabs, and I get the feeling that Ashaiya was among the first to realize what’s at stake.”

 “Wait, that’s not fair,” Thea spoke up from beside me. “Sure, what Ash is doing sounds kind of sketchy, but she was telling the truth when she said she’s doing it to help everybody. I don’t think it was some sort of grab for power because dad died.”

“Thea, I’m not saying that Ashaiya didn’t have the best intentions when she did what she did. Honestly, I’m not even saying that she was wrong, but we don’t have all the facts yet, and until we do, we need to be careful.”

Thea was about to say something when I interrupted. “This seems like an important conversation, but we're on a bit of a timetable. We only have around an hour before I need to leave to make it to the hangar before the ship gets scrapped. We need to make a decision here fairly quickly.”

“Samira, what do you think?”

“I don’t know, captain.” Sami shook her head as she set the data-pad aside. “The price is high, but not unreasonable, and it’s a solid ship. If we had more time, or we were on any other station, then I’d say let’s do it. But getting it put back together in time to help Ithnaa just isn’t possible. At least, not by myself, and not if we want to go back to get the Fury.”

“What about chartering a ship?” Bryce asked.

“That’s a bad idea…” Sami trailed off before targeting me with a concerned look. So, I explained in her place.

“Bryce, you’re suggesting that we lead a group of pirates back to our extremely expensive ship, which is currently disabled, with no way to defend it. If we had a group of people we trusted, then it would be a different matter, but as it stands, the fewer people who know where the Fury is, the better.”

“If you can’t find somebody you trust, you can always just find someone who is afraid of you,” Sanya suggested from where she was trying to bury herself in Aurora’s side.

“What do you mean?” Suriel asked.

“Well, basically, it’s all about clout on Paradise. Sure, credits are important, but reputation is everything--it was the same way back in the Union. If you’re worried about some asshole stealing your expensive ship, you just gotta make sure they know what happens if they try. Of course, if you’re mean to the wrong jerk, then all their friends might get angry and you definitely don’t want that.”

“You’re suggesting that we develop enough of a reputation, that a group of pirates wouldn’t try to steal from us?” Aurora asked, and Sanya shrugged.

“Or you get enough clout that somebody would sell you a ship that hasn’t been half-salvaged. You talked to Ulyd, right?” I nodded, and Sanya grinned up at me. “Yeah, he definitely has other ships that aren’t complete garbage. He’s probably just holding them for someone else.”

“Okay, then it’s easy. We go to this Ulyd fellow and threaten him until he sells us a different ship.” Thea cracked her knuckles, and Sanya’s face went pale.

“No! He’s under Captain Fiona’s protection, and she’s on the council. You definitely don’t want to piss off somebody on the council.”

“What's this council?” I asked. “Leo mentioned that he was on it, but it didn’t mean anything to me at the time.”

Sanya nodded with a deadly serious expression. “The Council of Kings is made up of seven of the most dangerous people on Paradise. Leo earned his spot by having the biggest fleet, but Captain Nora is fighting him for it. If you really do know him, then you don’t even need to work on your reputation. You can just ask him to vouch for you, and you can get whatever you want.”

“Theoretically speaking, what would happen to our reputation if we killed him?”

Sanya blinked at Sami a few times before answering her 'theoretical' question. “Well, when a pirate kills a king, they usually get their seat. If whoever kills them wasn’t a pirate, then there’s a race to avenge them and whoever kills their killer gets the seat instead. Either way, there’s usually a bunch of killing until somebody can actually hold on to the position. Trying to get Leo’s spot though, that’d be a terrible idea, because even if you somehow got past his stupidly big fleet to kill him, then you’d have to deal with Captain Nora and there’s definitely something not right about her.”

I gave Bryce a concerned look, but she was completely lost in thought. Rather than try to predict whatever absurdly complicated plan she was no doubt coming up with, I decided it would just be easier to ask her. “Bryce, what are you thinking?”

“How many people know you killed Captain Leo?” She responded to my question with a question, and Sanya shot up from the couch.

“Wait what? You were being serious?!”

“We destroyed their flagship as we left, but it’s possible that some of the crew managed to escape, and then there’s Krom. He obviously knows, but I don’t know how likely he is to spread the knowledge around.”

“Shit. You are serious. I have to go.” I grabbed Sanya’s upper arm to stop her from leaving and caught her gaze with my own.

“Sanya, I know you’re scared, but you’re safe here.” The poor girl was terrified, and me holding her definitely wasn’t helping. So, I tried a different approach. “If you help us, then we would owe you big time. Trust me, you would much rather have us as allies than enemies.”

She swallowed at my implied threat. “Alright, what do you want me to do?”

“Bryce?” I turned back towards the elf, who was chewing on her lower lip, still completely lost in thought. “Captain, what’s the play here?”

Bryce nodded with a concerned expression before responding. “Sora, go back to Ulyd and buy that ship. Leila, go with them to negotiate. Once you can convert your iron to credits, we’ll sell you the ship at cost. Is that acceptable?” Leila nodded, so Bryce turned to Sami. “Samira, after the sale is complete, I want you working on that ship every waking moment. Try to keep it under a million credits, but otherwise buy any tool or part you need to get us to the Fury as quickly as possible.”

“Yes, captain,” Sami agreed.

“Sora, handle buying anything she asks for and make sure she doesn’t work herself into an early grave.” I nodded grimly, and Bryce continued issuing orders. “Leila, stay with them and keep track of what’s spent. If anything seems unnecessary, then make a note of it and we can negotiate at the end of this.”

“That’s acceptable.”

Bryce nodded to Leila before turning to her twin. “Aurora, help Samira with whatever she needs. You’ll likely be the one doing the repairs when we’re done here, so learn what you can, but don’t get in her way.”

“Sure, I can do that.”

“What about us?” Thea asked and Bryce let out a tired sounding sigh.

“Well, Thea, you and I are going to go meet our new friend Jax at the cantina.”

# 10: Fae Problems

Sanya

“Sora, what do you want me to do?” I asked them again as Bryce, or uh, Captain Bryce, finished giving out orders and people started to stand up. Normally, calling a ship’s captain ‘captain’ wasn’t the thing to do on Paradise unless you were on their crew, or you were doing a bit of sexy role-play. The only real exception was if they were a captain on the council, then you always called them captain. Well, at least, while they were in the room.

And if Bryce really did kill Leo, then she’d be on the council. The same was true even if it was actually Sora who did the killing. As long as it was somebody on her crew.

“I’m not sure. Give me a moment,” Sora said before turning to their captain. “Bryce, what do you want Sanya and Suriel doing?”

She paused to look at me for a moment before asking. “Sanya, are you absolutely certain that you want to get involved in this? Nobody would hold it against you if you wanted to back out.”

I was about to answer when Leila scoffed. “She was sitting there the entire time we were talking. It’s much too late for her to back out now.”

I felt my heart stop, and then immediately start again when Aurora came to my rescue with a scowl. “Lei, it’s fine. Sanya is fae. If she promises not to tell anybody, then there’s no problem.”

All eyes were on me, a few of them more scary than the rest. “I won’t tell anybody, I promise! Um, also, Sora said that if I helped, then you’d owe me a favor. So, I’d like to help if I can.”

“Bryce, don’t forget what happened with Rose,” Thea warned, which gave the elf pause, and made me worry just a bit. I wasn’t sure who Rose was, but if the captain had been burned by fae in the past, then she might not be willing to deal with me.

“I didn’t fuck up, did I?” Sora asked Thea, and I shook my head quickly.

“No, you didn’t. I’m not very powerful, so I can’t enforce promises like the others,” I explained, then realized what I had just said and interrupted Leila before she could say anything. “But I still have to follow through with my own! If I didn’t, then the fae courts would punish me, and that’d be really, really bad.”

What I didn’t mention was that those same courts could enforce promises made to me on my behalf. After all, the courts wouldn’t bring me back from the dead if this group decided that letting me live was too risky.

“If you can tell me exactly what the favor is, then I’ll consider it, but I won’t commit to something that’s open-ended,” Captain Bryce answered, and I nodded before pausing to think of how I should phrase the request. I was never any good at making deals, and asking for too much would be bad. But it wasn’t often that you got to ask something of a potential council member, so I didn’t want to waste the chance.

“I grew up on Akresh with my older brother before moving to Paradise a little over a decade ago. We’re still super close and try our best to stay in contact whenever we can, but the distance makes it kinda hard.” I felt myself getting sad, which happened a lot recently when I talked about my brother. “Anyway, he sent me a message last year saying that a lord from a neighboring district was interested in his business. Xan is a bioware tech, and he’s really good at it. Like for real, everybody always says he’s the best in the Union.”

“Sanya, we are in something of a hurry here,” Sora reminded me, so I picked up the pace.

“Right, sorry. Anyway, Xan kept sending me messages as things got more and more serious, until I got a message a few weeks ago saying that he wouldn’t be able to stall any longer. The lord is insisting that they get married, and has even already taken over all the financial parts of his business. The wedding is in a couple of months, and just getting a flight back to the Union would cost thousands of credits. There’s no way that I could afford that, and even then I’d probably have to hire a whole team of people. That’s assuming I could find anybody willing to take the job, which is going to be basically impossible, considering who the lord is.”

This story originates from a different website. Ensure the author gets the support they deserve by reading it there.

“I think I understand the situation,” Captain Bryce said with a frown, and I knew what she was going to say even before she started. “Unfortunately, Sanya, I’m not sure we can help you. At least, not on that timeline. We’d be hard pressed to even reach the Anarchist Union before the wedding, let alone have enough leeway to do anything.”

“Bullshit. Bryce, it’s her brother.” Aurora glared at her captain before turning back to me. “Do what you can to help us on Paradise, and I guarantee that we’ll get you there on time. Hells, you won’t even have to worry about the cost. I’ll take care of this lord personally.”

“Really?! Of course I accept!” I all but leapt into her arms and immediately started crying tears of joy. “Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! Xan is going to be so happy. I really thought that I was going to miss his wedding, and I can’t wait to see what sort of party a devil throws. I bet it’s going to be even better than the one I was planning! It’s going to be so much fun!”

Thea and Sora started laughing while their captain was staring at the ceiling with her arms crossed and her eyes closed. Aurora just kind of went still, and her twin was shaking her head in disappointment. Sami had even stopped reading her data-pad long enough to look confused. Although, it was Suriel who was the one to actually say something.

“Sanya, I think there might have been some confusion about what you were asking for us to do. Would you mind clarifying, for Aurora’s sake?”

 I blinked at him, not quite sure what needed to be clarified. Sure, I had to rush through the second half of the story because Sora was in a hurry, but I thought what I was asking was pretty obvious. “Um, I was hoping for a ride back home for my brother’s wedding, or if that wasn’t possible, then I was going to ask for some money to pay for one. That way I would have enough left over to plan the bachelorette party.”

“So your brother isn’t being forced into a marriage against his will?” Aurora asked, and I gasped as I took a step back.

“What? No, of course not. They’re in love, and if it wasn’t for her, then Xan would've gone out of business a long time ago. He's terrible with money, and She’s been amazing for him.”

“Hey, Sanya, I couldn’t help but notice that you haven’t said this mystery lord’s name yet. Is there a reason for that?” Sora asked, and I took another step back.

“No reason. I mean, none of you are from the Union, so it’s not like you would know her, anyway.”

“Sanya, if you don’t tell me her name, then there’s no way I can plan a party for her,” Aurora pointed out.

“Okay, her name is Rithu, but like I said, there’s no way you would know her unless you lived in the Union.”

“Rithu? Where have I heard that name before?” Leila asked, and unfortunately, Suriel answered.

“You probably heard it back in Elysia. Rithu is one of Iefyr’s more reasonable daughters. We always tried to get her to be the one we negotiated with when we needed to enter Union space.”

“Hey, Sanya, what are the chances that the mother of the bride and leader of the Anarchist Union is going to be at the wedding?” Aurora asked, but before I could answer, Sora placed a hand on her shoulder.

“Well, it was nice meeting you. I wouldn’t worry too much about ruining the wedding. After all, I’m sure the goddess of vengeance will be very forgiving. Leila, we should head out, otherwise I’m not sure we’ll be able to make it before your new ship gets scrapped.”

“Yeah, alright, let’s go.” Leila followed them out of the room, and just before they left earshot, I heard her ask. “Is there any chance you know where I can find a new sister? I think that I might be in the market for a replacement soon.”

“Thea—” Aurora started to ask something, but the shorter devil cut her off.

“Nooope! You’re the one who agreed to this, and besides, I have friends in Legion. There’s no way I’d help plan a bachelorette party for one of Iefyr’s daughters. Not with her ridiculous bounty on necromancers.”

“Aurora, we’ll do what we can to help, so long as we’re not directly involved. Thea is right about us having friends in Legion. It would be best if word didn’t get out that we’re associated with one of Iefyr's daughters,” Captain Bryce said before turning to me. “Sanya, would you be willing to help us find a place to stay? Ideally, somewhere between Ulyd’s hangars and Captain Penn’s territory. We also need to find somebody who will either purchase valuables or trade iron coins from the lower planes for credits.”

“Aw man, I’m totally paying for all this, aren’t I?”

“Sorry, Thea,” the captain grinned at her as she continued. “Although, if it makes you feel any better, then you can take it out of Esme’s cut.”

“I know who my clients normally go through to sell off treasure, but their rates aren’t very good. I could ask around, though.”

“Suriel, could you go with her? Having you there to identify which merchants are honest would be a huge help. I’ll even provide you with additional mana to keep you both safe.”

“Sure, maybe I can even help plan this party. I don’t know Rithu well, but I have met her before, which is more than Aurora can say.”

A sense of relief seemed to wash over my favorite devil as her brother committed to helping out our cause. “Thanks, Suriel, you’re literally saving my ass here.”

# 11: Penns Pretty Prick

Bryce

I quickly adjusted the contract with Suriel to provide him with twenty percent of my mana. It was a lot, especially considering that I hadn’t adjusted the amount that Leila was receiving. Which meant, with Thea’s pact taking thirty-five percent, I had less than a quarter of my maximum left.

But I wasn’t overly concerned. What I had left was far more than what I’d likely need, and I didn’t just send Leila with Sora so that she wouldn’t complain about the price of the ship after the repairs were completed.

Word of Sora killing Captain Leo was going to get out eventually, and when it did, our best chance of survival was going to be having as many powerful people on our side as possible.

“Whoa.” Suriel stumbled back a few steps as the contract fell into place. “Bryce, this is a lot more than I was expecting.”

“You might start to feel some side effects, but they’ll pass,” I explained as Suriel sat back down on the couch.”I can lower the mana if you’d like, but I’d feel a lot better if you were capable of defending yourself while walking around Paradise.”

“We’ll be fine. After all, we’re not going anywhere dangerous.” Sanya leaned over to pat Suriel on the shoulder. “You deal with whatever you’re dealing with, and I’m going to go get dressed, okay? I won’t be long.” The satyr bounded off through the halls before Suriel could respond, so instead he looked up towards me.

“I’ll be okay. This is just going to take some getting used to.”

“You can always just use some mana if it gets too bad. Maybe see if any of Sanya’s friends need healing before you head out? Trust me, it helps,” Thea prescribed, and once Suriel agreed, she turned back towards me. “Ready to go, babe?”

“Yeah, just one more thing. Aurora, Suriel, let’s plan on meeting back here tonight. If anybody is unaccounted for by midnight, then we’ll go looking for them together. Understood?”

“Sounds good. We’ll let Leila and Sora know,” Aurora agreed. “You two be careful, alright?”

“Just who do you think you’re talking to? We’re always careful.” Thea waved as the two of us left the room.

 



 

It didn’t take long for us to find the cantina once we got back into Penn’s territory, and once we did, we were immediately recognized by a certain half-elf.

“Virra, here!” Shan shouted as she beckoned us over to the table where she was sitting with her orc friend. The cantina was bustling with activity. The bar on the far side was standing room only, and the tables were packed with people either eating, drinking or playing cards. In a few cases, all three at once. The place reeked of grease and stale beer, and the sound of billiard balls colliding was accompanied by patrons cheering.

It all combined to create the sort of atmosphere that was unique to well loved dive bars and a few of the nicer federation prisons. Strangely enough, I had spent a lot more time in the latter than I had in the former.

“You’re here sooner than we expected,” Grun pointed out as we joined them at the table. “You find your friends alright?”

“Yep! Even made a new one. Where’s the human?” Thea asked as she looked around the bar.

“Bathroom,” Shan shrugged before leaning forward to sip from her mug. It looked like she was drinking some sort of sugary soft drink rather than beer. “You leavin’ now? That why you come back so quick?”

I shook my head and put on my best negotiating smile. “Actually, we were planning on staying through the end of the week, maybe even a bit longer. In the interest of saving a few credits, we were hoping to have you vouch for us, depending on what that would entail.”

Stolen content alert: this content belongs on Royal Road. Report any occurrences.

“You sure that you just want to save credits? You’re not in trouble already, are you?” Grun asked, before taking a drink from his own mug. His was definitely beer, and it was the strong, earthy type that orcs tended to prefer.

I chuckled. “No, we’re not in trouble with anyone yet, but it pays to be prepared. And like I said, if we’re staying for a week or more, then I’d prefer not to have to pay ten-thousand credits a cycle.”

“Well, if you’re looking for somebody to vouch for you, then you’ll probably want it to be Jax or Captain Penn. Jax likes you a bit already, but the captain’s name means more outside our territory, so it’ll go further.”

“What would be involved in trying to get a meeting with Captain Penn?” I asked Grun, but Jax was the one to answer as he sat down beside Thea. It looked like his nose was broken.

“Need someone with enough rep to introduce you, or a gift big enough that it won’t insult him. I usually recommend both.” He grinned at us. He seemed far happier than a man with a freshly broken nose ought to. “Where are your other devils at? Hopefully, nothing too terrible happened to them.”

“They’re in better shape than you,” Thea said with a laugh. “What in the hells happened?”

 “Oh, right, let me fix that real quick.” Jax leaned back in his chair and set the broken nose with an audible crunching noise. “Fuck, that’s better. Nanites should handle the rest.”

“Still worth?” Shan asked with a smirk, and Jax responded with a big dumb grin.

“Every single time.”

“Okay, now I need to know what happened.” Thea lightly punched his shoulder, but Grun was the one to answer.

“He's dating an orc who has never been with a human before.”

“Rix is a bit rough, but I can handle him. Tell me what’s going on? You want to meet with Captain Penn? Why?”

“She wants to save credits,” Shan explained, and I gave a noncommittal shrug.

“We’re going to be here for longer than I expected, and I’d rather not have to pay ten-thousand a cycle to store my shuttle. Then there was another matter that I was hoping you could help me with.”

“We can talk about the credits in a second. First, what’s this other matter?” Jax asked, and I leaned forward to explain.

“I’m looking for a half-elven bounty hunter who goes by Anali. She picked up a member of my crew and I’m looking to intercept her before she can hand them over.”

“We know her.” Grun frowned before shaking his head. “But she’s been keeping her distance. It might take a while for us to track her down, especially if she’s in the middle of a job. Even then, she might not talk to us. We could tell you who her main fixer is, though. Maybe he could give you more information.”

“Why has she been keeping her distance?” I asked, but Shan interrupted before Grun could answer.

“Price first.”

“We can pay. How much?” Thea asked, and Jax chuckled.

“We already know that you have money. Unfortunately, there’s a lot of things on Paradise that can’t be bought with just credits.” He paused to think for a moment before continuing. “I’ll tell you what though, this particular bit of information isn’t too hard to come by, so I don’t mind giving it to you for free. Anali’s fixer is a human named Zen. He runs a bar in Captain Aoyama’s territory, sector eleven, if you’re taking transit.”

“So, this is a test, then?”

“If you’re looking to operate on Paradise without joining a crew, then everything is a test,” Jax responded to Thea’s question before shrugging and turning to me. “Alternatively, you can just build up your rep enough to get your own territory, then you can start testing newbies yourself.”

“How about we call that plan B? In the meantime, what can I do to get Captain Penn to vouch for me?”

“Well, Virra, first you’ll need to get a meeting with him. Then, you’ll have to do something that’s worth vouching for, and that’s a lot easier said than done.”

“And getting a meeting with him means having you vouch for me, right?” I asked, and Jax shrugged.

“That’s probably the easiest way, sure.”

“Okay, what can I do to get you to do that?”

Jax was obviously toying with me, and I was losing patience with him. I could tell Thea was, too. Which probably meant we needed to wrap this up soon, before he took things too far.

“Go talk to Zen, find Anali, and get your friend back. Do all that by the end of the week without pissing off Captain Aoyama, and I’ll vouch for you.” Jax laughed. “Hells, if you piss her off and survive, then I’ll vouch for you anyway.”

“In that case, what can you tell me about Captain Aoyama?” I asked, and Jax wagged his finger at me.

“No, no, no. I don’t think so, Virra. it’s not much of a test if we give you all the answers. Figure it out yourself. Oh, and don’t forget what I said in the hangar, if word of you making trouble gets back to us, then we’re taking your shuttle.”

I leaned back in my chair and crossed my arms to glare at the human. “You’re a prick, Jax, you know that, right?”

Grun and Shan both chuckled at the insult, but Jax just shrugged it off. “Yeah, I’ve been told. Now, get out of here. I’ll cover the cost of your shuttle until you finish the job, but if you can’t do it for whatever reason, then I’m charging you for the entire week.”

# 12: Transit

Thea

“Why does being told to do what we were already planning on doing make me not want to do it anymore?” I asked Bryce as we left Penn’s Pretty Prick.

“Because you have a problem with authority,” she pointed out as we came to a stop a few meters from the entrance, and I scoffed.

“Bullshit. I only have a problem with authority when it tries to tell me what to do.”

“That’s what authority does, Thea. It tells people what to do.”

 “Well, I don’t like that.” I crossed my arms and glared back towards the bar.

“Yeah, I can’t imagine most pirates do either. There’s definitely more to this than the obvious.” Bryce paused with a frown, and I gave her time to think. Whatever we ended up doing next would probably determine our reputation on Paradise for the rest of our lives. “We still need to talk to Anali’s fixer. That part hasn’t changed, but let’s distance ourselves from Jax. We also need to build some sort of reputation before people start connecting Sora to Captain Leo’s death, otherwise we’ll have every pirate on the station after us. I was hoping that Captain Penn would be a quick way to do that, but now I’m not convinced.”

“So, what’s the plan, then? Like for right now, tonight. Also, how long do we have until everyone starts trying to kill us?” I didn’t mind fighting a few pirates, but Paradise wasn’t a small place, and I didn’t exactly like our odds if it was us against everybody.

“I’m not sure, but it feels safe to say that it’s probably not long. Although Samira destroying Leo’s ship works out in our favor, especially with this other captain already vying for his position. If we’re really lucky, then maybe she’ll claim the kill and we won’t even have to worry about it. As for what we do tonight, though…” Bryce trailed off in thought for a moment before shaking her head and continuing. “We have about six hours until we need to meet everybody back at the Lost Lass. We might be pushing it, but I think we should try to meet Zen tonight. If it ends up taking too long, then I’ll just send a message to Leila and have her pass it along to the others.”

“Works for me. Do we know which way to go?” I asked as I looked around the area where we were standing. Paradise had come alive since we arrived earlier this morning, and now the streets were packed with the full spectrum of pirate-y people.

“I’m not sure, but it shouldn’t be hard to find out. We’ll just need to get to a transit station to see a map.”

“Alrighty, lead the way, princess.” Bryce grinned at me before moving in the opposite direction from where I remembered the transit station being. It only took a few minutes of walking for me to realize that we were going the right way. Which made me really glad that I wasn’t having to navigate Paradise by myself.

The transit station was only about a kilometer from the bar, but the streets were busy enough that it took us nearly half an hour to get there. Once we eventually did, Bryce spent all of twenty seconds studying the overly complicated map before nodding to herself and leading the way to the transit pods.

We had to wait in line for about ten minutes for one of the smaller ones, which was just big enough to comfortably fit four people. The door sealed after we stepped in and the sound of the busy station disappeared. Bryce then typed something into the console on the wall, and we were off.

“My guess is that it’ll take the better part of an hour to get to sector eleven, but the trip back to the Lost Lass is going to be close to three. We’ll need to make sure to give ourselves enough time to get back.”

“Daaamn, we’re getting a full tour today, aren’t we?”

Bryce shook her head as she chuckled. “We’ll hardly see the full thing. This station is absolutely massive. There are thirty-six sectors, and I doubt we’ll see more than three of them by the time the night is over.”

I blinked back at her, a little lost for words. “That’s… a lot.”

“Yeah, it is, and I’m not sure how it’s divided up, but there definitely seems to be some system to it. Whoever manages this place is a force to be reckoned with, that’s for sure.”

“Wait, do you really think it’s just one person?”

“I doubt it, but it’s probably a single faction. It’s too well organized for multiple groups to have come together to create it,” Bryce laughed quietly to herself. “Besides, I doubt pirates would be overly interested in municipal planning. They probably brought in an ex-corporate leader or something to handle all of this.”

“Well, I don’t know, I think it’s kind of romantic to imagine somebody being forced into piracy in order to survive, then one day finding their true calling in the most boring job imaginable.” I couldn’t help but laugh at the idea. “It’d be like every action movie ever, only in reverse.”

Ensure your favorite authors get the support they deserve. Read this novel on Royal Road.

“I’ll have you know that city planning isn’t a boring job. It’s very challenging and extremely rewarding.” Bryce pretended to be offended before laughing with me. “Really, I didn’t handle any of the planning on New Eden myself, but I worked with the people who did, and it was complicated. I can’t even imagine the logistical nightmare that Paradise must be.”

“Babe, we’re on a space station full of pirates, many of which may be hunting us soon, and all you can do is admire the city infrastructure?” I gave her a look, which just caused her to laugh at the absurdity of it all. “I hate to be the one to break this to you, but I think you might be a bit of a nerd. It’s okay though, I still love you.”

“Well, as long as you love me, then I guess I’ll be okay.” We sat in silence for a few minutes, just watching the station zoom by the transit pod windows, before Bryce spoke up again in a more serious tone. “After you fought Aris, you mentioned that there was something you wanted to talk about once we had a chance to catch our breath. Would now be a good time for it? We don’t have to if you don’t want to, but I’m not sure how many more opportunities we’re going to have to just sit down and talk like this in the near future.”

“You did say it was a three-hour ride back, right?” I half-joked, but when her concerned expression didn’t change, I ran my fingers through my hair and let out a tired sigh. “No, you’re right, there was something I wanted to talk about, and now’s probably as good a time as any.”

Bryce waited patiently as I tried to get my thoughts in order, and when I eventually did, I continued. “Something happened when I fought Aris. Somehow, I was able to absorb the mana from his attack, and once I managed to pull in everything from that, I started pulling it from Aris directly. Then when his body ran out, I started, like, eating his soul. I don’t know how I did it, it just kind of happened. I would’ve eaten it all without even realizing, but Lilith stopped me half-way through.”

“That’s…. Concerning.” Bryce was rubbing her chin while frowning at me after making her amazingly unhelpful deduction.

“I know it’s concerning! That’s why I’m concerned!” I might have shouted a little, but in my defense, I was really kind of freaking out.

“I’m sorry, Thea. I know that was unhelpful. Would you mind answering a few questions about what happened?” Bryce asked, and I nodded. “It feels safe to assume that this is the first time anything like this has ever happened to you, correct?” I nodded again, so she continued. “In that case, it could be any number of things. Maybe it was just a latent ability that you never thought to try before, or maybe you were able to do it specifically because Aris was your brother and your mana was similar enough to be compatible.”

Bryce shook her head as if to dismiss all of her own theories. “Honestly, with the information we have, I think the most likely cause would have to be what I did to bring you back. I was only able to decipher maybe seventy percent of the magic surrounding your lost core, and I did my best to replicate the bits that I couldn’t, but there’s a good chance I missed something.” She added one last idea, almost as an afterthought. “If it were just the mana from his attack, then we could attribute it to your heritage. I mean, there are plenty of stories about a phoenix absorbing power from fire, but this definitely feels like more than that.”

I let out a sigh as I deflated into my seat. “I think Aurora can absorb fire like that, but I never could. Besides, we aren’t exactly phoenixes, just celestials that were made by a phoenix. There’s a pretty big difference…” I trailed off before remembering an important detail. “Wait! I stabbed Aris with my sword right before it happened. His soul was leaking out and everything. Maybe that plus learning to absorb fire mid-fight caused it?”

“It’s possible, but we’d need to experiment to be sure,” Bryce responded, more than a little lost in thought. “Let’s speak with Aurora when we get back and see if she’s willing to demonstrate her fire absorption. That way we could try comparing her ability to yours. The circumstances with your sword is going to be harder to replicate, though. Unless there’s someone around here you’re willing to kill just to test a theory.”

I shook my head. “Nobody comes to mind, and even if I could think of someone, it wouldn't matter. Aris broke my sword.”

“That’s… problematic. You don’t have a backup weapon, do you?” Bryce asked, and I just kinda shrugged.

“Technically, I still have that rifle I took from your human friend forever ago, but that’s really it.”

“Which human friend?” She frowned at me, but then suddenly seemed to realize who I was talking about. “You mean Aiden? The guy who helped kidnap me back on New Eden?”

“Yeah, that’s the guy. I still have his gun.”

“Thea, you wound up on your ass the last time you fired that. There’s no way you can fight with it.”

I didn’t disagree with her. There was a reason I hadn’t really used it since I rescued Bryce, and besides, I was better off fighting in close quarters where I could make use of my strength and speed. After all, no matter how hard you pulled the trigger of a big dumb rifle, it would still shoot exactly the same. Well, probably. I wasn’t exactly what you'd call a gun expert.

“Any chance you could make me a new sword, then? Maybe one that’s fireproof this time?” I asked with a half-grin, but Bryce shook her head.

“Sorry, that’s a bit beyond my ability. If you want a new one, you’ll have to buy it. Although, it’s been about a week since we adjusted the mana you’re receiving. It’s probably about time to look for any damage, and if everything looks good, then maybe we could consider increasing the amount. It’s not quite a soul-destroying sword, but it would help if we end up in a fight.”

“Sure, inspect away.” I stood up from the seat and lifted my arms into the air before spinning in a circle. “Like what you see? Or maybe you need a closer look? I can strip if you want.”

I started to lift my shirt while continuing to spin, but Bryce stood up with a smile to catch me by the shoulders and stop me in my tracks. “Hold still, you dork.”

“Sorry, no can do. I’ve been told that I have a problem with authority.” I grinned up at her and stood on my tippy-toes to steal a kiss.

# 13: Zen

Bryce 

I spent the next half-hour or so checking Thea’s meridians for damage, and as far as I could tell, there wasn't any. In fact, they looked far healthier than they had just a week before when I finished rebuilding them. That was obviously a good sign, but I wasn’t exactly sure what contributed to the growth.

It was possible that her body just took to the new meridians, and she was healing despite the excess mana from our pact, or that same mana could be helping her body acclimate. Hells, if that was the case, then the best thing I could do for Thea was to just sign over all of my mana until she stopped seeing positive changes, thereby giving her the best possible foundation for future growth.

The situation was entirely unprecedented, and while everything seemed to be going well, making the wrong choice could cost Thea everything. The stakes were simply too high to make assumptions.

“So, what’s the verdict, doc? Am I dying? You can tell me. I can take it.” Thea cringed at me while pretending to be worried, and I nodded solemnly to play along.

“It’s exactly as we feared. You have bratty bottom disorder. Symptoms include buying way too many pillows, hogging the blankets in bed, and annoying your girlfriend to get attention. It’s nearly always terminal.”

“Oh, no! Whatever will I do?” She pressed the back of her hand to her forehead before spinning around and falling backwards into me. “Bryce, how are we going to tell the kids? Softie is going to be so lost without me!”

“Trust me, they already know.” I pushed Thea off me just enough to move out of the way before letting her go.

“Whoa!” Her eyes went wide as she fell into the seat, and she laughed as she caught herself. “For real though, everything okay? Nothing’s out of place?”

“Yeah, you’re fine. If you’re up for it later tonight, I’d like to experiment with more mana. But if we go down that route, then we’ll need to take it slow and I’ll want to check your meridians for damage at least nightly.” The last time I was giving her this much of my mana it took Esme pointing it out for me to realize how much harm it was causing Thea. There was no way I was letting something like that happen again.

“Sounds like fun. Maybe we can make a game of it?” There was a golden light shining behind her eyes, and I frowned at the little devil.

“Thea, we’re talking about your health here. We need to take it seriously.”

 “There’s no reason we can’t be serious and have fun.” The transit pod came to a gentle stop, and Thea got up from the seat with a smile. “Speaking of some serious fun, ready to go meet the guy who probably helped kidnap our friends?”

“We don’t know that Zen helped Anali with the kidnapping, just that he’s one of her main contacts here on Paradise. So, try your best not to just outright kill him.”

“If this guy really was involved, then I’m not promising anything.”

“Alright, but if Jax takes our shuttle because you killed a bartender, then you’re the one who’s going to explain it to Samira.”

Thea’s resolve seemed to falter just the barest amount. “Okay, maybe I’ll hear him out.”

“That’s probably for the best.” We stepped out of the pod and through the crowd to exit the station. We were in the heart of sector eleven, and I was looking around to find someone to ask for directions when Thea pulled on my arm to get my attention.

“Hey, is that it?” She was pointing a little way down from the station to a pink neon sign that was shaped like a woman drinking from a glass. Underneath that, it had the bar’s name listed as ‘Electric Zen’.

“Uh, yeah, that looks like the place.”

We got in without any issues, but the bar wasn’t exactly what I had been expecting. The Cantina had definitely been a dive, but Electric Zen was closer to a lounge than anything else. It had a kind of slow and hazy atmosphere, almost like a dream.

There was a live band on the far side of the room playing just loudly enough that it covered most conversations without ruining the relaxing atmosphere. Most of the walls to our left were lined with comfortable looking booths, and with a few curtained off areas. On our right was a long bar with several finely dressed people serving drinks. Then at the center of it all were around two dozen tables, each a comfortable distance apart.

Thea nudged me and nodded towards the bar. I silently agreed with her, and we made our way over. It was a little crowded, but not particularly busy, which made it fairly easy for us to find an opening to flag down one of the bartenders.

“Hey, what can I get you?” the dark-haired human asked, and I returned her smile with one of my own.

“Whiskey neat and a red wine, something elvish if you’ve got it.”

“I think we still have a bottle of Araedhel. But it's an older vintage, so it might cost a bit extra. That okay?” I said that would be fine, so the bartender turned to Thea. “Any preferences on the whiskey?”

“Something smoky, but not too expensive. I think my girlfriend is making me pay for all the drinks tonight.” Thea shot me a teasing grin, and I just continued with my most innocent smile.

The human laughed politely before winking at her. “I’ll see what I can do.”

She quickly scanned through the bottles on display before shaking her head and pushing against an empty wall near the shelves, causing it to reveal a hidden room. She walked in, but returned only a few seconds later with the two bottles.

“Here you are, the Araedhel that I promised you. It’s from ‘21, but it’s elvish, so fifty years isn’t that old.” She removed the cork in a single fluid motion before pulling a glass out from underneath the bar and pouring a small amount before handing it to me.

Stolen from Royal Road, this story should be reported if encountered on Amazon.

I swirled the wine in the glass before inhaling the aroma and eventually taking a sip. It tasted extremely floral, with just the barest hint of a spice woven into it. I let out a contented sigh before setting the glass back down. “It’s very good.”

“Glad to hear it.” She filled my glass to just below the halfway point before setting the bottle down near me. “Did you just want the one, or should I leave the bottle?”

“The bottle, please. Now tell us about the whiskey.” Thea was eying the dark, nearly black bottle greedily. The name was written in dwarvish but translated roughly to ‘Oaken Stone.’

“This is our newest import. One of Captain Takashi’s crews managed to intercept a freighter filled to bursting with crates of the stuff, which meant we got it for a bargain, but it’s not the cheap swill normally found in the outer reaches. Here, try it. Tell me what you think.” She poured Thea just enough to cover the bottom of her glass, and the devil drained it without ceremony. Her eyes immediately went wide, and she grinned at the human.

“Damn! That’s strong, and burns in just the right way.”

“You like it, then?”

“Oh yeah, leave that bottle, too.”

“Alright. I’m glad I could find something for both of you.” She poured Thea another glass before leaning against the bartop. “I don’t think I’ve seen you two around. You new to Paradise, or just the sector? Oh, name’s Les, by the way.”

“It’s a pleasure to meet you, Les. I’m Bryce, and this is Thea. We landed here earlier today and were actually hoping to meet up with Zen. We’re looking for a group of hunters, and were told that he could arrange a meeting.”

“A specific group, or just looking to get a job done? If you aren’t too particular, then I could probably point you in the right direction. All the big players work out of this sector, and most of them are regulars.”

“Actually, it’s kinda important that we talk to Zen. Is he around?” Thea asked as she reached for the bottle of whiskey to refill her newly emptied glass.

“He’s around, sure, but you might have to wait a bit to meet with him.” Les leaned in conspiratorially before continuing in a hushed tone. “Apparently, he knows something about Leo’s death. Says it wasn’t Nora. If it was coming from anyone else, I’d call bull, but Zen has been upstairs with the captain since this morning.” She nodded towards a set of stairs that was a little out of the way, but not far from the end of the bar. There were a pair of guards in formal suits standing near it, but it was difficult to make out any real details at this distance. “There’s definitely something to it. If you want my opinion, you’re seriously better off avoiding that whole mess.”

Thea glanced at me and sent a message over our implants. Bryce, those are definitely demons guarding the stairs. They’re acting like they’re under a pact, like the super strict kind.

I nodded to her before turning back toward Les. “Who did you say Zen was meeting with?”

“The captain.” She frowned at me before lightly chuckling to herself. “Shit, sorry, not used to talking to newbies. Captain Aoyama owns this sector, so we all just call her the captain. Even most of the lancers.”

“Fair enough. Any idea how much longer they'll be?” I asked, but wasn’t exactly listening for the answer. Instead, I mentally cast a quick spell to send a message to Suriel.

I’m going to need my mana back for a moment. If I don’t return it in the next half-hour, assume the worst. We’re in sector eleven.

He sent back a worried reply, but I was too busy sending the same message to Leila and pulling the mana from both of them to really process it. Once I had most of it back, I pushed Thea up to forty-five percent, and she gave me a concerned glance, but continued the conversation with Les.

“Would it be possible to get a message to him? We have some information that might be helpful. If not, that’s okay. We're just going to hang out at the bar and wait for them to finish up.”

“Sure, I can try to get a message up, but don’t expect him to come running.”

“Where’s your bathroom?” I asked, and Les seemed slightly taken aback by the sudden change in subject. “Sorry, something I had this morning doesn't agree with me. It’s a bit of an emergency.”

“Um, right, it’s just left of the stage. Follow the signs and you should be able to find it.”

“Thanks. I’ll be right back.” I stood up from the bar and made my way to the bathroom. As I did, I also sent a message to Thea over our implants.

I’m going to pre-cast a few spells. When I get back, be prepared to move towards the stairs, but try not to be obvious about it.

She responded to my message while continuing her conversation with Les. Okay, and I can’t believe I’m the one having to say this, but maybe fighting this Aoyama person isn’t the best idea in the middle of her territory. This place is full of pirates loyal to her and there are even more of them outside. Not to mention, there’s that whole Jax taking our shuttle thing. I am not going to be the one explaining it to Sami if it’s your plan that makes us lose it.

I chuckled to myself before replying. I’m not planning on turning the whole station against us, but I think a show of force would go a long way here.

I made it to the bathroom and bee-lined it to the first open stall before beginning to cast. I started with my usual support suite, before moving onto one of the strongest shields I’d used to date, and finishing with a few complicated strategic spells I was planning on using early. Once I was satisfied, I sent another message to Thea telling her to subtly make her way towards the demon guards the moment she saw me.

I was careful to control my pace as I made my way to the stairs, and Thea managed to meet up with me before I reached them. When we got to be only a few meters from the demons, they each held out a hand in an almost mechanical motion. Before they could say a word, I activated the first of my pre-cast spells, banishing them both back to the hells. It was a surprisingly quiet affair, and nobody seemed to notice the demons disappearing. So, we continued up unimpeded.

At the top of the stairs, there was a long hallway with a number of rooms hidden behind silk curtains. We moved directly to the one with the pair of demons guarding it. Thankfully, I anticipated having to deal with more than just the first two, and banished them before they even noticed us approaching.

Without so much as slowing, I ended the concealment spell that I had been maintaining since leaving Jax’s hangar earlier that morning, allowing the full effects of my mantle to be felt. At the same time, I felt heat rolling off Thea as she did her best to be intimidating. Moments later, the two of us pushed past the curtain and into a dimly lit room.

The small space was remarkably similar to the room we had rented at the Lost Lass. Complete with a rounded leather couch following the semi-circular curve of the wall with a small table in the center of it. Two people were sitting on that couch. The large, dark-skinned human was smirking at us, while the pale, raven-haired woman was noticeably tense, and frowning.

Zen was wearing a white dress shirt with the sleeves rolled past his elbows, and a pair of dark suit pants. The woman, Captain Aoyama, had on a silky white dress covered in an intricate floral pattern, and her hair was done up in a complicated style that was somewhat reminiscent of what Sora favored when they weren’t lounging around the ship.

What immediately caught my attention, though, was the captain’s eyes. She had blood red pupils, the likes of which I had only ever seen one other time in my travels. Captain Aoyama was a vampire.

“Speak of the devil, and she shall appear,” Zen spoke with a smooth baritone voice and a disarming smile. “I must admit, Doctor Virra, when I was told that you made an attempt at godhood, I didn’t realize just how close you actually made it. Please, have a seat. We have a lot to discuss.”

# 14: A Show Of Force

Thea

“You banished four of my guards. Explain yourself,” Captain Aoyama demanded, and Zen visibly tensed despite trying his best to keep his cool.

Apparently, he had only just realized what us standing there actually meant for the people guarding the door. Or maybe he just somehow forgot that the vampire was still sitting next to him. Either way, it was pretty clear which of the two was in charge. Even in the poor guy’s bar.

“I came here to discuss an urgent issue, and didn’t feel it was necessary to deal with them properly.” Bryce maintained eye contact with the captain, and I did my best to look intimidating. “I’d be happy to discuss compensation for time and materials lost after this matter has been resolved, but not before.”

“Captain, allow me to introduce you to Doctor Bryce Virra, and her devil partner Thea.” Zen introduced us while giving Bryce an appraising look. “Doctor Virra was behind the Para Vista incident that I was telling you about, as well as the one I believe to most likely be responsible for Captain Leo’s death.”

“You were the one who killed Leon?” Captain Aoyama asked. Her expression was really hard to read, but she seemed almost excited at the idea. That or she was hungry and thought that Bryce looked tasty. Like I said, she was kind of hard to read.

Bryce didn’t even hesitate before answering. “A member of my crew dealt the killing blow prior to destroying his ship. I wasn’t involved.”

“Sora, if I had to guess,” Zen told Aoyama before turning back to us. “Do you know if they’re planning to contest you for the kill?”

Bryce glared at the human. “We’re not here to discuss the empty seat on the council. A mercenary working for you attacked my ship while I was away and took three members of my crew. One of them is still missing.”

He just shrugged. “Sorry, but Anali wasn’t working for me. She was fulfilling a bounty put out by one of the Syndicate leaders. I had nothing to do with it.”

“He’s lying.” I turned up the heat as I took a step forward. Captain Aoyama tilted her head to the side, but didn’t take her eyes off Bryce.

“Is this true? Zen, are you lying?”

Zen shifted in his seat, but answered after a few seconds of silence. “I didn’t lie, but might have stretched the truth somewhat when I said I had nothing to do with it. Anali contacted me a couple of days ago, wanting to set up a meeting with Maymi. The two have a not-so-friendly history together, so I had her explain the situation before I agreed to anything.”

“When is this meeting taking place?” Bryce asked, and Zen shook his head.

“Can’t say. Anali came to me with this job precisely because she didn’t want you tracking her down. I tell you, then people start saying I can’t be trusted and I’m out of the job.”

“Well, I guess there’s not much of a point in keeping you around then.” Bryce conjured her fancy magic sword, and I grabbed Captain Aoyama’s wrist to stop her as she darted forward. The captain had managed to get a long, thin blade only centimeters from Bryce’s throat.

“I will not sit idly by while you threaten a man under my protection.” She tried to pull her wrist away, but I didn’t let go. She was definitely strong, and super fast, but I had a lot of mana flowing through me, and there was no way I was going to give her a chance to attack again.

“He’s holding back information that threatens the life of my crew,” Bryce said as she took a step forward, into the blade. The thin metal pushed up against her neck and bent on her shield, punctuating what she said next. “If you believe his life is more valuable than that of my crew, than I’d be happy to challenge you for it. Otherwise, you can either order him to tell me, or stand aside while I extract the information myself.”

I was pretty sure that Bryce was bluffing, but it definitely didn’t look that way, and Captain Aoyama seemed to agree.

“Why did Anali choose to meet with Maymi if their relationship is, as you have described, ‘not-so-friendly’?”

Zen hesitated, but did eventually answer. “Virra’s missing person is an ex-syndicate lord, who didn’t have a job out for her capture. Anali couldn’t contain her and didn’t have enough political weight to deal with the fallout. Maymi has long-standing deals with the syndicate and enough resources in her modest fleet to safely move her. She was a sensible choice.”

“And do you have any outstanding arrangements with Maymi?” Captain Aoyama asked without taking her eyes off my unmoving girlfriend.

“Not at the moment.”

“In that case, would it not be acceptable to arrange a meeting between Maymi and Captain Virra after Anali has been removed from the equation?”

“No, it’s not acceptable,” I interrupted the weird almost-negotiation. “Anali attacked our friends. There’s no ‘removing her from the equation’ unless it’s me killing her.”

“You are more than welcome to deal with Anali how you see fit outside of my territory, but while you are here, you will abide by my rules and you will not threaten the people under my protection.” The vampire finally deemed me worthy of her attention, and I grinned back at her.

“Thea, I believe we have room to negotiate here. Would you mind releasing the captain?” Bryce asked, but I wasn’t about to let her get away with threatening us scot-free. I channeled mana into the hand holding her wrist and held it for a few seconds, even after she flinched and tried to pull away.

“Thea!”

If you spot this story on Amazon, know that it has been stolen. Report the violation.

I finally let go, leaving a visible handprint where I had burnt away a surprising amount of flesh. “Sorry, Bryce, I forgot how weak some people can be. I’ll try to be more delicate the next time she attacks you.”

“I have the feeling that you lack the meaning for the word ‘delicate’, something that I will not soon forget.” She held up the damaged wrist as muscle and skin knitted itself back together over top the exposed bone. Once there wasn’t so much as a blemish left, she turned back to Bryce. “I understand that you are in a difficult situation, so I will forgive the transgression this time. However, if you intend to operate on Paradise in the future, then I suggest you take a more political approach.”

I was about to point out that she was the one who attacked us, but Bryce agreed with her before I could. “I understand, and I think you’ll find that I’m a lot more accommodating when the lives of my crew aren’t at risk.” She dismissed her sword so that she could safely cross her arms to glare at the vampire.

“In that case, let us remove that particular obstacle before we begin discussing things in earnest.” Captain Aoyama moved back to the couch to sit near Zen. “I will not hand over Anali to you for her execution. If you are interested in a peaceful outcome, then I can arrange a meeting for the two of you. However, if that is not an option, then I can instead arrange a meeting with Maymi before she turns your crewmate over to the syndicate. But I can not guarantee the outcome will be favorable. Maymi does not operate within my territory, which gives me no right to command her toward a desired resolution.”

“Whose territory does she operate out of?” Bryce asked, and Zen was the one to answer.

“Her own. Maymi is one of a number of independent fleet captains without representation on the council, despite controlling a moderately sized sector on Paradise. You can generally expect her to honor a request by the council, but rarely a demand.”

“What if we choose to pursue Anali after retrieving our crew?”

“That will not be permitted while she is on Paradise,” Captain Aoyama answered Bryce’s question before explaining. “Anali is a freelancer, but she regularly completes jobs for Zen. He has vouched for her, and he is under my protection, which means she is under my protection as well. If you wish to continue this feud without forcing me to intervene, then you will take it off Paradise.”

“So, if we find and kill her while she's not on Paradise, then you’ll be fine with it?” I asked, more than a little incredulously.

“I will not interfere under those circumstances,” Aoyama claimed, but Zen didn’t seem convinced.

“Anali and her crew are some of the best damn lancers I have on roster. If you find her off Paradise, it’s because she wanted you to find her, and failed goddess or not, I wouldn’t like your chances in a fight she’s prepared to take.”

“You are mistaken, Zen. If Captain Virra were a failed goddess, she would already be dead. I believe that she is a mantle candidate. She may yet still ascend.”

“What exactly is a mantle candidate?”

“How long will it take to set up a meeting with Maymi?” Bryce ignored Zen’s question to ask her own.

He gave a disgruntled sigh before answering. “Three days, no sooner. That will give you plenty of time to negotiate with her after she finishes her deal with Anali.”

“And more than enough time for Anali to run and hide,” I added, but Zen just shrugged.

“That’s the deal. If you don’t like it, then find someone else to act as middleman.”

“Three days is fine,” Bryce agreed again before I could complain, so I settled for giving the human a mean look. It seemed like it was working, because he was definitely trying to avoid eye contact with me. “Then I only have one question left, what’s all this going to cost?”

“I want you to verbally commit to joining the council. Here and now,” Captain Aoyama demanded, and Bryce just stared at her.

“Excuse me?”

“We accept!” I exclaimed, and Bryce covered my mouth as she pulled me back into her. I let her do it, if only to stop myself from laughing out loud.

“We most certainly do not. Before I even consider the request, you need to tell me why.”

“The authority of the council has been waning over the last millennium as captains cede their territory to independents like Maymi. Leon was only the most recent example of this, and I have serious doubts as to Nora’s capabilities should she be allowed to take his place. This loss of authority has caused Paradise to become little more than an inconvenience to the syndicate, rather than a force to be feared. If it is allowed to continue, then it will only be a matter of time before they determine the inconvenience to outweigh the potential cost of dealing with us permanently.”

Captain Aoyama paused to give what she said time to sink in, then continued a few moments later. “It is clear to me that you have no love for the syndicate, and should you ascend, the addition of a goddess to our ranks would lend significant authority to our position within the Network.” She smirked before adding one last argument. “Before you dismiss me as an idealistic fool who is soft in the head, I assure you my reasons are purely selfish. Having a single other voice of reason among my peers would do wonders for my personal sanity.”

I looked up at Bryce as she chewed on the inside of her cheek. She was seriously considering the offer, which kind of surprised me. She had been very against joining Captain Penn’s fleet when Jax offered earlier, and while this was definitely way different, it would still mean becoming a pirate. Or something like one. I wasn’t exactly sure what being on a pirate council would mean.

“I won’t commit to joining without first speaking to my crew, and even if they agree, I won’t guarantee anything past learning what the position entails.”

Aoyama nodded a little reluctantly. “I am willing to give you until the end of the next cycle to discuss this with your crew. Return here once you’ve made your decision. However, if you do not commit to joining the council by that deadline, then Zen will not arrange the meeting with Maymi, and you will no doubt be forced to resort to dealing with the syndicate on your own to retrieve your missing crew.”

“Very well, we’ll be in contact.” Bryce let go of me as she turned to leave. I followed her through the curtain and back into the hall that led to the bar.

“Why are you worried about joining the council? It sounds like they can help us with Mother, and it’s not like we really have anything to do after that. Plus, I bet it would totally kick ass.”

“Thea, I think you’re forgetting about the multiple bounties I still have on my own head. Something I have to imagine joining a council of pirates would only exasperate.”

“It would still kick ass though,” I muttered as we descended the stairs into the eerily quiet bar. All the tables had been moved from the center of the room, and the staff was nowhere to be seen. Instead, dozens upon dozens of contracted demons and heavily armed mortals were standing shoulder to shoulder in formation, creepily still.

We slowed at the bottom of the stairs but didn’t stop. The group didn’t say anything, choosing to just stand there menacingly while staring at the two of us.

I waved at them a little hesitantly. “Hey guys, we were just on our way out. If you wouldn’t mind making a path for us, I’d super appreciate it.”

Bryce continued moving, with me following. As we got to be less than a meter from the mob, they stepped aside, allowing us just enough space for us to pass through single file. It felt like an eternity before we made it out of the bar, and I let out a sigh of relief as we reached the crowded streets.

“What in the actual fuck was that about?”

“That was a warning against ever pulling a stupid stunt like that again.” Bryce shook her head as she mirrored my relieved sigh. “Come on, let’s head back. I think we’re going to be pushing up against the midnight time limit.”

# 15: Debriefing

Sora

“Hey, Sami, you ready to head back? We’re going to miss the deadline if we don’t leave soon.” I had to lean over at an awkward angle to look under the bulkhead where Sami was working. She managed to shove herself so far in there that I could only see her feet.

“Sorry Sora, but this wiring is way worse than I thought and if I leave now, then I’m going to have to figure it out all over again. Just have Aurora report to the captain in my place. She can handle it.”

I looked towards Aurora, who was leaning against the bulkhead. She shrugged. “I’m not much use here right now, and probably won’t be until Sami finishes with the more technical stuff. Besides, I doubt Lei is going to finish with her negotiation in time. We may as well leave her behind to protect your sister.”

I nodded before turning back to shout into the bulkhead. “Did you hear that, Sami?”

“Yeah, sure, the bitchy one is staying behind. You don’t have to yell. I can hear you just fine.”

Aurora chuckled. “You ready to go? We still need to drop off the newest wishlist with the bitchy one. We can let her know what’s up when we do.”

“Works for me. Any idea how much all of this is going to cost?” I held out my hand as the two of us left the grease-monkey to her work, and Aurora handed me a data-pad. I scrolled through the list, but stopped after the first three items. It was all nonsense as far as I was concerned.

“No idea. Hells, I’m still getting used to all the costs being in credits instead of iron. If I had to guess, and conversion rates aren’t too far off from what Lei is expecting, then we’ll probably stay under two-hundred thousand. Of course, that’s not including tools, and most of what Sami is asking for isn’t cheap.”

“If it's on that list, then she probably needs it. Sami doesn’t ask for much, and when she does, it’s usually worth listening. Besides, you’re the one getting them when she’s done. So, it’s on you to make sure whatever you end up with in the end isn’t the cheap stuff.”

“Yeah, yeah, I get it. Still doesn’t make the price tag any easier.” She waved me off as we started down the stairs to the cargo area. As best as I could tell, the Nebula Runner was just your standard cargo hauler. Most of it was just empty space, and then a few extremely tight crew quarters. If the Fury had an opposite, this was it.

Sami kept trying to tell me that this model was among the best ever released, and Aurora seemed impressed, but I definitely didn’t see the appeal.

“Bullshit. It wasn’t part of the list, which means you pulled it off after Sora left. We aren’t paying for it. In fact, we should be charging you since we have to reinstall it ourself.” Leila was angrily adjusting numbers on a data-pad while Ulyd was waiting with a grimace. He clearly wasn't enjoying the negotiation process nearly as much as she was. “There, five percent off the scrapped plating, and now we can finally start talking about the core you wrongfully removed.”

“Now hold on a moment. Nobody includes the navigator’s core when they sell a ship. Especially not one that was burned out. Anyone with half a brain would know that it wasn’t included.”

“Nice try Ulyd, but my sister and I only have half a brain between the two of us, and this is my week with it,” Aurora interrupted, which earned her a glare from Leila and a chuckle from the dwarf.

“I thought as much, but I was worried that mentioning it would have been rude.”

“Did you come down here just to insult me, or did you have something actually useful to add?”

“She can’t do both?” I asked, as I handed the data-pad over to the annoyed devil.

“What’s this?” she asked, and Aurora answered.

“It’s a list of tools Sami asked for to put our new ship back together. She’s in the walls right now, running all the wires by hand. Trust me, she needs this shit.”

“Alright, I’ll make it work.” Leila glanced over towards Ulyd, who had an obviously greedy look in his eyes. “Have either of you heard from Bryce yet? She still hasn’t messaged me since taking her mana back.”

“I mean, it’s Bryce. She probably just figured you didn’t need the mana anymore and forgot to tell you about it,” I answered, then chuckled. “Not to mention, she has Thea with her. If something serious had happened, then there would be explosions, or earthquakes, or something. As long as your pact is still in place, then it’s probably fine.”

“Does this happen often?” Leila was frowning, but I just shrugged.

“Normally, she’s pretty good about staying in contact, but none of us have working implants right now. Which means she'd have to use a messaging spell, and in my personal experience, that’s a pretty shitty way to hold a conversation.”

“What implants? Is this something that we should have? And why aren’t yours working?” Aurora asked, and I suddenly remembered that I was talking to a pair of devils, who probably hadn’t been out of the hells in a while. If ever.

“That’s a whole conversation. I can explain later, or probably just make Bryce do it, but for now, here’s a summary; implants are tiny computers surgically implanted in your head that you can use to talk to people or watch porn. Yes, you should probably have them, and ours are disabled because we were kidnapped and sold to a psychopath who didn’t like the idea of us doing those two things. Mostly the talking to people part, but I got the feeling they wouldn’t have liked the porn either.”

“Well, I’m sold. Where do we get these implants?”

“Need to find yourself a tech.” Ulyd reminded us that he was still there by answering Aurora’s question. “There are a few hundred of them on Paradise, but if you’re interested, I can point you to the best deal.”

“Best for who? Us, the tech, or you?” I narrowed my eyes at the dwarf.

“There’s no reason we can’t all benefit, now is there?” he asked, and when it was obvious that I wasn’t going to let him get away with it, he chuckled. “Fair enough. It shouldn’t be too hard for you to find a decent tech, but watch out for the ones who aren’t. Neural implants are complicated things, and a bad install can ruin you for life.”

“We’ll be careful.” Aurora dismissed him to address her sister. “Sora and I are heading back to meet the others, you mind hanging back to keep an eye on Sami?”

“I don’t mind, just come get me when you figure out a place to stay. I have absolutely no interest in spending the next week sleeping in a hangar full of trash.”

You might be reading a stolen copy. Visit Royal Road for the authentic version.

Ulyd gave Leila a dirty look, but I agreed before he could object. “Sounds good. We’ll swing by to get you once we find out where we’re sleeping.”

Aurora and I both waved goodbye as we left for the Lost Lass. We only made it about half-way out of the hangar before Leila was back to arguing with the dwarf.

 



 

“Aurora!” Sanya leapt off the couch and into the arms of the grinning devil. We were back in the private room at the Lost Lass a few minutes past midnight. Bryce and Thea were already snuggled up on the couch next to each other.

“So, what’s the deal? Why’d you pull the mana from Leila?” I asked Bryce as I grabbed the spot next to Suriel. He was sitting by himself away from the two lovebirds, and looking a bit like a third wheel, so I thought I’d join him.

“Wait, you took mana from Leila, too?” Sanya asked as she followed Aurora to the couch. “Suriel almost had a heart attack when you took his! Please tell me you didn’t start trouble in Captain Penn’s territory. That would be really bad.”

Suriel seemed like he was about to object, but Aurora spoke first. “Okay, if you took it all back from both Suriel and Leila, then you definitely have to tell us what happened, because that’s a shitload of mana.”

“I was planning on explaining it once we were all back together.” Bryce frowned as she looked towards me. “Where are Samira and Leila? I’d rather not have to go over this twice. There’s a lot to explain.”

“Lei was still busy with negotiating, and Sami wanted to keep working on the new ship,” Aurora explained. “It shouldn’t be a problem, though. We can just pass the information along when we go pick them up later tonight.”

Bryce still didn’t seem convinced, and now even Thea looked concerned. “Sami should probably be here for this. We need to make a decision, and it’s kind of a big one.”

“I can go get her, but it’s going to take me the better part of two hours to get there and back,” I offered, but Bryce shook her head.

“No, I’ll just send Samira a message and have her pass it along to Leila.” She quickly muttered a spell, and the room went quiet for a few seconds while she sent the message, then she continued. “In the meantime, I wouldn’t mind getting a status update on the ship repairs, along with a briefing on the financial situation from Sanya.”

“Sure! I’ll go first!” Sanya raised her hand from where she was basically sitting on top of Aurora. “We talked to a bunch of vendors, and Mikkel was Suriel’s favorite, but finding somewhere to stay was a lot more complicated. None of the places I picked out were good enough, so we had to go all over the station. We eventually found a neat little place in the middle of Captain Fiona’s sector, which is really, really close to Ulyd’s yard, but kinda far from Captain Penn’s territory. It’s okay though, because Suriel said you’ll probably end up going there more often anyway and it’s super duper close to a transit station.”

“We chose a particularly busy hostel,” Suriel explained. “The rooms are large and private, plus it’s cheap and there’s a lot of traffic in the area. So, we shouldn’t stick out too much. Then there’s Mikkel. He’s a half-demon, and as far as I could tell, fairly honest. The issue is that he only offers fifty credits per iron.”

Bryce cringed, and Aurora cursed, causing my expert deductive reasoning skills to determine that fifty credits per iron wasn’t a great rate. I just didn’t know how bad it was, so I asked about it. “How much were you expecting?”

“We would have liked one-hundred, but were expecting eighty,” Aurora answered and I whistled.

“Damn, that’s not great then.”

“No, it’s actually a serious problem.” Bryce paused to think for a moment before turning towards me. I felt my wallet lighten even before she asked. “Sora, the vast majority of our funds are in iron coins right now. I believe that I should have enough credits to cover the ship repairs until we can find a better option for Leila to convert her iron, but would you be willing to help cover the difference if what I have isn’t sufficient?”

“Bryce, it’s fine. We’ll figure something out,” Aurora interrupted before I could answer, and as much as I hated to admit it, I was relieved. “Leila is pushing back on all of Ulyd’s absurd charges, and so far, it seems like the whole thing isn’t going to cripple us with the cost. If we have to convert our iron at a shitty rate, then that’s what we’ll do.”

“Alright, in that case, let’s talk about how the repairs are going,” Bryce switched topics, and I mostly zoned out.

Engineering wasn't that interesting, and Leila was a much better negotiator than me, so she had handled nearly everything with Ulyd. I basically just spent the entire day napping or reading. It was actually kind of nice not having to worry about anything urgent or life threatening, even if it was just for the afternoon.

The technical conversation continued for way too long, but eventually it switched to something that I was actually invested in.

“…then Sora mentioned implants, but we had never heard of them. Sanya, do you have any recommendations on where we could get some?” Aurora asked.

“Oh, yeah, sure, I know a few places.” Sanya perked up as she had a sudden realization. “Or you could totally wait until you come back to the Union with me! That way, Xan can do your implants for you. He really is the best, I promise!”

 I shook my head. “That’s a fun thought, but don’t forget, you’ll need a navigator for your new ship. If Aurora was going to handle that, then she’ll need to get her implants before she leaves.”

“Actually, I was planning on navigating,” Suriel said, which seemed to surprise just about everyone. “Aurora needs the ship to travel to the Anarchist Union, but it doesn’t make sense to lock up all three of us while she’s stuck there. If I’m the navigator, then the two of us can meet with Ashaiya while Aurora handles the wedding.”

I gave the devil a serious look. “Suriel, this isn’t something that can be undone. Once you’ve bound yourself to a nav-core, it’s with you for the rest of your life. Don’t make this decision lightly.”

“I appreciate your concern, Sora, and I don’t mind taking more time to consider the possible consequences. However, I doubt I’ll change my mind. The Aether is something that has interested me for some time now, and becoming a navigator seems like an appealing way to explore it.”

I was about to respond when the door opened to reveal Leila and my annoyed, grease-covered sister. “Alright, I’m here. What’s so important that you needed me to drop everything and come immediately?”

 



 

“Is that it? Why did you need me here?” Sami asked once Bryce finished explaining what she’d been doing all day. Thea's three siblings were quiet, and I wasn’t sure what to make of the situation. Sanya, meanwhile, had an awful lot to say about it.

“What do you mean ‘is that it?’ This is a big freaking deal! She threatened Captain Aoyama and lived. That’s huge!” Her eyes were wide as she continued, and I couldn’t help but laugh to myself. “And of course, you have to join the council! If you don’t, then every half-baked captain on the station will be gunning for you! There’s no way you’ll survive!”

Bryce shook her head with a sigh. “Well, first, it may not even matter what I want. Sora was the one who killed Captain Leo, and as far as I’m concerned, they have the first claim to the position.”

I leaned back into the couch and crossed my arms before responding from the bottom of my heart. “Yeah, fuck that, you take it. I literally can’t think of a single thing that would draw more attention to me and Sami than me being on the council, and that’s the last thing I want. Besides, could you imagine me giving orders to anyone? Trust me, it’s not my style.”

“That’s not what Ithnaa told me.” Thea was trying to hold back laughter, and I gave her a confused look.

“When did you get a chance to talk to her about that?”

She scoffed back at me, actually seeming offended by the question. “Hey, don’t forget who rescued her from Kai’s domain. We were friends way before you two started sleeping together. We definitely still talk.”

I raised an eyebrow at her. “Weren't You the one who took her to Kai’s domain in the first place, and seriously, ‘way before’? What you actually mean is three days before, and two of those days she was asleep recovering from a hangover you caused.”

“Um, actually, Kai caused--”

“Anyway, about the position on the council,” Bryce interrupted Thea’s rebuttal, and I stuck my tongue out at the little devil. “I’m not interested in leading a bunch of pirates. If Sora doesn’t want the position, then I’ll hold it while we’re on Paradise, but I plan on giving it up at the first opportunity. Are there any objections?”

The room was completely silent, and Sanya shook her head in disbelief. “You guys can’t be serious.”

“We’re completely serious,” Bryce answered, completely seriously. “And your agreement with Aurora will apply to everything you just heard. Is that understood?”

“Yeah, I know when I’m out of my league. As long as I’m in the Union before this all comes back to bite you in the ass, then I’ll do whatever you want. Just don’t blame me when it definitely does.”

# 16: Rendezvous

Bryce

I shambled to the end of the oversized bed and fell forward, landing face first into the sheets. Thea laughed before doing the same. I pulled her into an awkward hug and let out a quiet groan.

“You okay, princess? You seem more tired than usual.”

“Thea, I haven’t slept in an actual bed since we were in Hades. That was nearly a week ago, and it’s been a long week. Hells, it’s somehow been an even longer day. I just want to lie in bed and sleep for at least the next year.”

“That sounds like fun, but if we’re going to be in bed for a whole year, then we should at least get changed first. And maybe take a shower while we’re at it. It’s been a while.” I just lay there in silence for a second before Thea started poking at me. “Babe, you still there? You didn’t die, did you?”

“Not yet, but I was considering it,” I answered without moving, but then let out a sigh as I pushed myself off the bed. “Alright, fine, let’s get ready to sleep, but while we’re at it, I’m going to take another look at your meridians. You’ve been at forty-five percent for nearly five hours now, and I want to make sure it’s not hurting you.”

“Can we do that in the shower?” Thea asked with a hopeful grin, and I chuckled as I shook my head.

“Why not? Could be fun, but you have to promise to actually hold still long enough for me to make sure you’re not dying.”

“Deal!” She shot up from the bed and raced to the bathroom. I followed after her with a big stupid grin on my face.

 



 

I checked the local time on my implants without even opening my eyes. It was nearly eleven in the morning. Normally, I would’ve been up hours ago, but I excused myself this one time. Besides, even if I had been awake, there was no way I would have been able to untangle myself from a certain devil girlfriend who was holding my arm hostage.

I tried to pull it away, but one of the many consequences of giving Thea nearly half my mana was that it was all but impossible to escape her grasp in the mornings. Theoretically, I could drain the mana I was giving her for just long enough to pull away, but we had agreed that adjusting mana without consent was for emergencies only.

In fact, taking Thea’s mana away to wake her up was one of a few examples that she had made sure to explicitly include. Which meant that I was now stuck holding the woman I loved until she woke up on her own. Admittedly, there were worse fates.

At least waiting for her gave me a chance to organize my thoughts as well as review what happened yesterday. Which was something that was long overdue.

 The hostel Suriel picked was actually fairly decent. It had a number of reasonably sized private rooms in addition to a few large shared spaces. We ended up with four of the private rooms divided amongst us, including the one that Aurora paid for herself to share with Sanya.

I wasn’t entirely sure what the satyr’s plan was moving forward, but she’d been attached at the hip to Aurora ever since we met back up last night. Whatever was going on wasn’t any of my business, but I had to admit the pair were kind of cute.

We had agreed not to meet up until around midday, which, due to the thirty-hour cycles on Paradise, was actually about four hours from now. When we had made that plan, I had been expecting to meet with Zen in the morning before discussing our plans for the day, but that apparently wasn’t going to happen.

It was probably for the best, though. Sanya had warned me that while Zen’s bar might be open by noon, it was far from a sure thing. Apparently, most of Paradise didn’t really wake up until 19:00 or four in the afternoon, and things didn’t really start opening until a few hours later. Thirty-hour days took some getting used to, but I wasn’t planning on sticking around for long, so I could deal with it for now.

Thea started to stir before pulling me tighter against herself and asking in a sleepy voice. “What time is it?”

“Check your implants.” I gently kissed the top of her head after reminding her.

“Nevermind, not that interested anyway. Mostly just asking to be polite…” she trailed off, and I rolled my eyes as I settled in to wait.

 



 

“Hey Suriel, where’s everyone else?” Thea asked as we sat down across from the ex-celestial in the crowded common area. He was sipping on coffee with some sort of mass produced fried pastry sitting on top of a clear plastic wrapper in front of him.

“Good morning, you two. Aurora and Samira went back to working on the ship, while Sanya took Leila and Sora to set up an appointment with the wetware tech. We were going to wait for you, but after an hour Sora decided that it would be better to just let you sleep in. I hope you don’t mind.”

“That’s alright. We had some issues getting out of bed this morning. Thanks for waiting as long as you did,” I explained, which caused Thea to scoff.

“What Bryce actually meant when she said ‘we had trouble getting out of bed’ was that she overslept. I had nothing to do with it.”

Suriel raised an eyebrow at me and I shrugged sheepishly. “My alarm woke me up early this morning and I went back to sleep without setting a new one. It’s probably going to take me a few days to get used to thirty-hour cycles.”

“Is it that abnormal to have different cycle lengths on the mortal plane?”

“Not necessarily, but I’ve spent the last three decades living on a human colony, and they tend to prefer twenty-four-hour cycles. We’ve been sticking to that on our ship ever since we left New Eden.”

“Plus, it’s not like we cared about what time it actually was while we were in the hells. Kinda just stuck to the normal ship clock the entire time,” Thea added before twisting in her chair to look around the common area. “Where’d you get the coffee, anyway?”

“There’s a vending machine in the hall near the common rooms, but something about it tastes off. I wouldn’t recommend drinking it.”

“Damn. Alrighty then, what’s the plan now that all of our friends have left us and there’s no coffee?” Thea asked.

If you come across this story on Amazon, be aware that it has been stolen from Royal Road. Please report it.

“Well, you and I still need to go to Zen’s bar and have him contact Maymi. After that, it’s mostly just a waiting game.” I shook my head with a sigh. “We’ll need to pass ourselves off as pirates until we can recover Ithnaa, then figure out a way to deal with Mother once and for all.”

“Okay, this might be a little out there, but what if we just, like, killed her?”

I chuckled. “Well, it’s not a bad plan, but it does have a few flaws. Primarily, she’s no doubt extremely powerful on her own, plus she probably has an army defending her, and even if we manage to kill her, then we’ll have to deal with the entire syndicate coming after us. Which would just make everything that much worse for Sora and Samira.”

“Fine, we’ll do it the boring diplomatic way.” Thea rolled her eyes at me before smiling at her brother. “Do you have any plans today? Wanna come threaten a dude at his own bar with us?”

Suriel stared back at her, and I couldn’t help but laugh. “For what it’s worth, this is the guy who helped sell off our friend. He’s due for a bit of threatening.”

“Well, now I feel like I have to go just to keep you two out of trouble.”

Thea got up from the table with a huge grin. “Good idea. You keeping me out of trouble has always worked so well in the past.”

“In that case, let’s at least try to keep to threats, okay?” Suriel gave me a pleading look as we both got up, and I turned to leave before answering over my shoulder.

“We’ll see, but I’m not making any promises. He really rubbed me the wrong way the last time we met.”

 



 

Due to the magic of public transit, we made it to Aoyama’s sector in a little over two hours. Which was faster than when we were coming from Penn’s territory, despite it being further away. I wasn’t sure how long we were going to be on Paradise, but I made it a personal goal of mine to understand the logic behind the transit system before we left.

In the meantime, though, we had a job to do, and I was worried that it could get violent, so I stopped our little group near an alcove not far from the Electric Zen.

“Give me a second. I’d like to cast a few spells and move mana around before we go in,” I announced before immediately starting to cast. The shield spell was an obvious first, followed by my sword, and finally, I pre-cast two banishment spells. Pre-casting like this required a lot of concentration to maintain, but most things related to arcane casting did, which meant I’d become pretty good at it over the years.

Once I was happy with the spells, I reviewed the mana that was distributed amongst Thea and her siblings. As it was, each of them was receiving ten percent of my maximum mana, with Thea having the bulk at forty-five. This left me with around twenty-five percent, and while that was still a lot of mana, it was significantly less than I was used to having.

After a short internal debate, I decided to move five percent of my personal mana to Suriel, taking him to fifteen. Again, this left me with a lot less than I was used to, but I didn’t feel comfortable moving mana away from Leila or Aurora while they were effectively protecting Sora and Samira. That only left my personal reserves, and if it came to a skirmish, then Suriel having the mana was probably going to be better than me trying to use it myself.

I sent the request, and Suriel’s face paled as he accepted and I couldn’t help but cringe. “Sorry, the passive benefits you get from my mana as a devil generally scale better than most spells I can cast on the fly. If it’s too much, then I can decrease the amount.”

“No, it’s alright. You had me at even more yesterday, so I knew what I was accepting. Just, let’s not make a habit of this, alright?”

“Fair enough. I’ll take you back down once we get to the hostel later tonight. Are we ready?” I asked, and got a nod from Suriel along with a thumbs up from Thea, so we headed inside.

It was late enough in the afternoon, a little after 18:00, that Paradise had mostly come alive, but the bar was still far from busy. There were around a half-dozen patrons scattered about, with two sitting at the bar proper. I sat down and waved at Les, the human bartender from last night.

She noticed us and rushed over with a smile. Which admittedly, was a bit surprising considering the state we left the bar in the night before. I wasn’t even sure if we had paid for the bottles we bought. Although, knowing Thea, she probably had.

“Hey, what can I get you?” She sounded cheerful, which again felt kind of off.

“Is there any chance you still have the bottles we bought last night?” Thea grinned sheepishly before adding. “We left in a bit of a rush and didn’t really have a chance to finish them.”

Les laughed. “Yeah, if you were here last night, then that makes sense. I heard there was an attack on the captain. Thank the gods I wasn’t on shift, otherwise I would’ve had to deal with the fallout. We set the expensive bottles aside, though, so yours should be around here somewhere. What was it that you ordered?”

“A bottle of whiskey, I think it was called wooden stone, and then some elf wine for my girlfriend.”

“Wooden stone doesn’t sound familiar, but I do remember seeing a bottle of Araedhel. It’s not every day we open something that's nearly three times my age, even if it's elven.” She gave me a knowing look, but I was frowning. “I’ll go grab the wine and look for the whiskey at the same time.”

Les left for the hidden back room and I turned to my two companions. “Was she lying when she said she wasn’t on shift last night?”

Suriel shook his head, and Thea agreed, but Les returned carrying the bottles before I could follow up.

“Found them! It was oaken, not wooden stone, but I can understand how you got the two confused.” She set the bottles on the table and pulled out a pair of glasses. “What about the gentleman? Did you want wine, or whiskey, or perhaps something else?”

“You really don’t remember anything from last night?” Thea asked, and the bartender seemed taken aback.

“I don’t think I’m forgetting anything… does it seem like I am?”

I wasn’t exactly sure how to broach the subject, so I just decided to confront her directly. “You helped us order last night and gave us some helpful information besides. But you just told us that you weren’t on shift, and it seems like you’re telling the truth. Which makes me worried that your memory could have been altered.”

“No, yesterday was my night off, I was--” She suddenly realized something and continued quickly. “Oh, duh! Sorry, we don’t get that many new people around here. The captain hasn’t done much to expand her crew recently and lancers don’t really stick around for too long. You probably met Leslie last night. I’m Morgan. We’re genetic clones, so it’s easy for newbies to get us confused.”

Thea immediately started laughing, which caused Morgan to let out a tired sigh. Meanwhile, I was somewhat surprised. “I thought genetic cloning of a full sapient species was outlawed by the Federation.”

“It is, which is why our ‘donor’ is now rotting away in a Federation prison like she deserves while we live out our lives as fugitives on Paradise.”

“Oh, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to bring up something painful.”

Morgan shrugged. “It’s alright. That’s not the painful part.”

I was about to ask what was, when Thea calmed down enough to ask her question. “Let me guess, people come in asking if you’re Mor or Les the bartender?”

She gave a defeated nod with a half-smile. “I did mention our ‘donor’ got what she deserved, right? She had a terrible sense of humor, and neither of us realized just how bad it was until we came to Paradise. Now nobody lets us forget it.”

“You could always just change your name,” Suriel suggested, but Morgan just dismissed the idea.

“Leslie thinks it’s cute, and besides, she’s the one who usually works nights. Which means she gets the brunt of the teasing. I just have to explain to hungover or still drunk pirates that, no, I am, in fact, not the flirty bartender that was serving them last night, and that whatever she promised them would have to be taken up with her. It’s a bit of a pain, but changing my name wouldn’t help with that particular issue.”

“Well, fair enough.” Thea uncorked her whiskey bottle and started pouring before continuing. “For what it’s worth, Les didn’t promise us anything. She just helped us pick our drinks, and she was super good at it.”

“Yeah, that sounds like her.” Morgan chuckled, but then she grimaced as she looked past us. “Is there anything else I can do for you before I get pulled away? A regular is on her way in and she looks pissed.”

I was about to ask for Zen when someone stomped up to us and slammed a heavily customized, and very expensive, pistol down on the bartop next to Thea. “Morgan, tell your asshole boss to get down here. We need to have an armed conversation about selling out your friends and how it usually gets you shot.”

I turned to see a familiar blonde half-elf covered in light body armor with way too many belts hanging off her waist.

# 17: Lowering The Bar

Suriel

“Grab a seat Anali, I’ll let—” Thea reached up from where she was still sitting and grabbed the half-elf’s neck before slamming her head into the bartop. Morgan just stared at the scene with her mouth half-open while the room went eerily quiet.

Bryce stood up with a heavy sigh and let go of the spell hiding her mantle before casually walking over to the other side of Anali to check her pulse. “Suriel, it seems like she’s still alive. Could you make sure she stays that way? Try to limit any permanent damage if you can.” I nodded and immediately started channeling healing magic into the poor woman.

She wasn’t even breathing anymore and calling her ‘alive’ was stretching the definition of the word. At this point, what I was doing was far closer to a resurrection.

“Please let Zen know that Captain Virra is here, and that Anali showed up while I was waiting. He’ll understand.” She just stood there, unmoving, so Bryce spoke again. “Morgan, this is somewhat urgent. I’d appreciate it if you hurried.”

“W-what?” Morgan seemed to snap out of it and nodded a few too many times. “Right, C-captain?” Bryce nodded very deliberately, causing the human to swallow before continuing. “Captain Virra and Anali, I’ll go tell Zen.” She rushed towards the back of the room while the few people left in the bar decided that now was a good time to make an exit.

“Thea, she’s losing blood too quickly. I’m not going to be able to keep her alive with your talons in her neck,” I warned, which earned me a death glare from my sister. Thankfully, Bryce intervened.

“For gods' sake, Thea, let her go. We aren’t killing her here. Just grab her gun and belt to be safe, but don’t put the belt in your ring, it could be enchanted with dimensional magic.”

“Fine, but if she attacks us, then I won’t be nearly as gentle.” Thea released Anali, letting her fall to the floor, and I was finally able to heal her fully. She let out a gasping breath, and once she regained some sense, she quickly reached for her missing belt as she backed herself against the bar.

Bryce squatted down in front of her with a half-grin that went nowhere near her eyes. “Hello Anali, do you know who I am?” She nodded without speaking, so Bryce continued. “Then I assume you also know why you’re sitting on the floor in a pool of your own blood?”

Anali looked down at her blood-covered hand, then back up to respond. “Look, I know they were your friends, but don’t you think you might have overreacted just a bit?”

Her head snapped back into the bar as Bryce broke her nose. I was going to object, but then I saw Thea smirking out of the corner of my eye, and realized that breaking Anali’s nose had probably just saved her life.

“Alright, this is what happens next. Zen is going to walk down those stairs any minute now, and when he does, you’re going to be sitting at the bar with a smile on your face, excited for the opportunity to make things right. Then we’re going to have a very short conversation where you explain where Ithnaa is and how exactly you’re planning on helping us get her back.”

Anali seemed like she was about to agree, but paused instead. I used that opportunity to heal her. “Thanks…” She rubbed at her newly fixed nose before finally addressing Bryce. “You didn’t get permission to attack me in Captain Aoyama’s territory. That’s why you want Zen to mediate, and why you healed me. You’re in deep shit here, Virra, and if you want me to help you, then you better make it worth my while.”

Bryce let out a heavy sigh before looking around the room and pointing towards the bar. “Suriel, hand me one of those napkins.” I did, and she thanked me before wiping most of the blood off of Anali’s face. “We can discuss how I’m going to make it ‘worth your while’ in a moment, but first, how much do you know about blood magic?” She held up the now blood covered napkin and Anali’s face paled.

“What the fuck did you do to my bar?” A man shouted from the other side of the room. Bryce stood up before motioning for Anali to do the same.

“It’s alright, Zen, I’m fine.”

“I don’t care about your dumb ass who can't even follow a simple instruction. Who in the hells is going to pay for all this?”

The bartop was covered in blood and had a huge crack in it. To make matters worse, it looked like it had been made of real wood.

“Sorry about that,” Bryce apologized as she approached the burly human. “Thea will be cleaning up all the blood, as well as covering the cost to replace your counter. In fact, she’s going to start cleaning now while we have our conversation in the other room.”

“Wait, what? Why me?” she asked indignantly, but then backpedaled when we all just stared at her. “Fine, but I’m not giving the gun back. Morgan, where do you keep all of your cleaning supplies?”

The poor bartender jumped at the mention of her name. “Oh, they’re, um, in the back room.”

Zen shook his head, but seemed less upset than before. “Mor, help Thea find the supplies, then close out and let anyone still around know to head home. You and everyone else will be paid for your full shifts with triple overtime, so enjoy your night off.”

“Yes sir. Um, right this way, please, Ms. Thea.” Morgan directed Thea behind the bar, but my youngest sister didn’t move, not right away at least. Instead, she glared at me, of all people.

Unauthorized reproduction: this story has been taken without approval. Report sightings.

“I’m only doing this because you’re going to be with Bryce the entire time. Don’t leave her alone under any circumstance. If this bitch even so much as looks at her suggestively, then I want you to tear her head off. And for fuck's sake, don’t heal her afterwards. That would just make the whole thing pointless.”

“Understood,” I responded while nodding seriously. I had never seen Thea like this before, and it was honestly terrifying. She had always been the baby of the family. Mischievous, sure, and more than a little spoiled, but this was so far removed from the Thea I knew that I barely recognized her. The shift had to have happened after we lost our father. There was no other way to explain it.

Amazingly, Thea seemed to visibly relax and asked Morgan softly. “Sorry about that. Where did you say the cleaning supplies were?”

“Just over here. Please, follow me.” She led Thea behind the bar, and Bryce turned to address Zen.

“Shall we?”

“Captain Aoyama is already on her way, but she can meet us upstairs when she gets here. Follow me.” He turned to leave, and the three of us followed him up a set of stairs and through a short hall to a small room. It was an intimate space, with a single couch that followed the circumference of the room allowing two people sitting on opposing sides to face each other.

Bryce took a seat on one of the edges and I sat beside her with Zen and Anali sitting across from us.

“First, I’d like to apologize to Zen. We agreed to a set of circumstances and had every intention of following through with them. However, the situation has clearly changed. I would like to make this right for you and Aoyama, but not at the risk of my crew. Thea will reimburse you for damages, including any loss of profit caused by this incident. In exchange, I expect you to facilitate the immediate return of my crew. At this point, I’ll consider any further attempts to delay as acting in bad faith and will respond in kind with decisive, lethal force.”

Anali seemed like she was about to respond, but Zen cut her off. “Captain Virra, that sort of threat coming from a member of the council, even an unofficial one, is above our paygrade. We can’t continue to discuss this without Captain Aoyama present.”

I leaned over to Bryce and whispered in her ear. “Apologies for interrupting. However, I believe that it’s worth me pointing out that Zen isn’t being honest. If I had to guess, he’s attempting to delay discussions until Captain Aoyama arrives in order to shift the blame to her or possibly just use her rank as leverage in negotiations.”

“Thank you, Suriel,” she responded without breaking eye contact with the human. “Now would likely be a good time to mention that the devils I travel with are all fallen celestials of Inim, and that each is capable of discerning lies. This is your final warning. Return my crew to me, or there will be consequences.”

“We don’t have her anymore,” Anali blurted out before Zen could respond. “The meeting with Maymi was last night, and we handed her off the first chance we got. Hells, we didn’t even make any money from doing it. We just wanted her gone.”

“Where is she now?” Bryce asked, without skipping a beat.

“She’s still in the area, but probably not for long. Maymi set up a meeting with Mother even before the handoff. I can’t imagine she’ll want to hold on to your friend for longer than she has to.”

“Which sector does Maymi operate out of?

“She controls twenty-nine, but if you want to meet with her, then you’ll need to arrange it first,” Zen answered. “She spends most of her time off the station while renting the majority of her sector to freelancers.”

“Are you willing to manage the arrangements?” Bryce raised an eyebrow, and he hesitated.

“Will Maymi survive it if I do?”

“As it stands, I have no grudge against Maymi, and if she cooperates, that will continue to be true,” she answered, but Zen didn’t seem convinced. “In that case, if you don’t want to set up a meeting for me, then just let her know I’ll be by her sector early tomorrow morning and if she wants to be lording over anything more than a pile of ash, then she’ll be there to greet me.”

Bryce stood up, and I followed her lead. “I’ve sent you a feed request. Send me an invoice once you’ve determined the total cost of today’s visit. Feel free to charge me whatever you deem fair, just don’t overdo it. If you do end up contacting Maymi, and she wants to talk, then let me know. And finally, Anali, this isn’t over. We’ll be having another conversation soon, and next time I won’t be bringing a healer with me.”

We left the room without waiting for a response and met back up with Thea a short distance away in the bar area. She had done a surprisingly good job cleaning up the blood, considering how short our meeting had been.

“Hey babe, all done? Did you kill her?”

Bryce shook her head without pausing her march. “Not yet, but we shouldn’t have any issues tracking her down in the future. Come on, I can explain the details on the way.”

We left the bar, but only made it a few meters towards the transit station before we were stopped by an angry-looking vampire woman flanked by a pair of bound demons. “Captain Virra, you’ve overstepped. I warned you not to pursue my wards while you were on Paradise.”

The streets weren’t quite busy, but they were far from empty, and a crowd started forming around our two groups.

“You did,” Bryce agreed. “But unfortunately, Captain Aoyama, we found ourselves in a position where a fight was unavoidable. I’ve provided Anali with healing, and as far as I’m aware, she’ll suffer no permanent side effects. I’ve also offered to pay Zen for any damages, should he provide me with an invoice. If there’s something else you’d like me to do to make things right, then I will consider it.”

The vampire captain stared at her in a seething silence, but Bryce refused to budge. Eventually, Captain Aoyama spoke. “You clearly care for your crew deeply, which is a sentiment that I can appreciate. However, this search is clouding your judgment. This is your final warning. Do not attack my wards. Doing so again will mean war between our factions. Seek me out when you are finished with this crusade of yours and we will discuss appropriate recompense.” She walked past us and into the bar, causing the crowd to begin to disperse.

“She was lying,” Thea pointed out, and I shook my head.

“Not quite. She was actually bluffing, which has a subtly different taste to it,” I explained before addressing Bryce. “I’d recommend against trying to call her on it, though. We’ve backed her into a corner where she’s forced to choose between her fear of us and her pride. All too often, people in this situation will choose their pride. While I have no doubt we’d be able to handle her if it came to a fight, killing two members of the council in the same week could cause the rest of them to consider you a threat.”

“Well, maybe they should,” Bryce said as she started towards the transit station again. “I’m starting to get tired of playing politics with a bunch of pirates.”

# 18: Damage Control

Anali

“What the fuck was that?” I asked Zen after the silence got to be too much. “Why was she even here?”

“I warned you to stay away. You should have listened.”

“You told me to be scarce for a few days, not that the bitch who’s hunting me suddenly became a regular at your damn bar. And what the fuck, man? You told her about the meeting with Maymi? Why’d you sell me out like that?”

“Because I ordered him to.” A chill ran down my spine as a woman wearing a white dress stepped into the room. I had never met Captain Aoyama in person before, but I recognized her immediately. Despite that, I still found myself reaching for my missing gun. “So, this is the one who started it all?”

Zen nodded with a tired sounding sigh. “Yeah, this is Anali. She walked right up to Captain Virra’s devil without even realizing it. She should be dead.”

“Why is she not?” The captain sat down across from us and I kept my mouth shut.

“Virra ordered one of her companions to heal her. The male devil, Suriel, you probably saw him on your way in.”

“I saw him, but did not learn his name. How much damage was caused by the attack?”

“To me or the bar?” My question earned me a chuckle from the captain. Which was good, because I hadn’t actually meant to ask it out loud and the alternative was terrifying.

“The bar, or rather the bar’s reputation, and by extension, my own. You seem to have made it out of the exchange mostly unscathed. Although, I cannot say the same for your outfit, nor the couch you so mercilessly chose to sit on.” I cursed as I looked down at my armor. It was going to take forever to get all the blood out. “Zen, be certain to include both of those when you send Virra a list. Now answer my question, how much harm was caused?”

“It wasn’t as bad as it could've been. We don't get that many customers this early, and Captain Virra made sure to order Anali healed in front the ones we had. On top of that, she had Thea clean up the blood herself, and made it clear that the devil was the one paying for the damages.” Zen leaned back into the couch and shook his head. “She doesn’t treat her devils like you do your demons. They’re crew, not servants. As much as I hate to admit it, I can’t find any fault in how she handled it. Well, so long as she actually pays up.”

“Wait, what’s that supposed to mean? Are you just going to let her walk away after she almost killed me in your territory?” It felt like I was the only sane person left on the whole station. “She threatened me with blood magic, gods dammit. If you don’t do something to stop her, then she’s just going to kill me the moment she has ten minutes and a room to herself.”

“Is she actually capable of blood magic?” Captain Aoyama asked, but Zen and I just kind of looked at each other.

“We don’t know,” he finally answered, and I explained.

“Virra was just a run-of-the-mill college professor until she suddenly decided she wanted to become a god and killed forty-thousand people to make it happen. Nobody knew what she was capable of thirty years ago, and we sure as fuck don’t know what she can do now.”

“Fifty-thousand,” Zen corrected, then continued when I gave him a confused look. “The official story was just below thirty-nine thousand, but it didn’t take much digging to figure out the corp who owned Para Vista was low balling during the trial.”

“Why low ball it, though? Wouldn’t they want to make it seem worse if she’s on trial?”

He shook his head. “The trial was a sham. The Federation threw Virra into solitary and rushed a verdict before she got a chance to testify. Which meant they didn't have time to do a full investigation and were forced to use old census records instead.”

“Damn, that sucks for her.” I swatted Zen’s shoulder. “See? This is why I don’t pay taxes.”

“Yes, I am sure that is the reason,” Captain Aoyama muttered as she tapped a perfectly manicured nail on the arm of the couch, and we waited for her to continue. “Anali, you are to meet with Captain Virra in Maymi’s sector tomorrow morning. Be there before her and facilitate negotiations. However, if a resolution can not be reached, then be certain to remind the captain that she still needs a territory and Maymi is not under council protection.”

“No fucking way. She’ll kill me on sight, and even if she doesn’t, there’s no way either of them would trust me to facilitate shit. Send Zen or one of your toys instead. I'm the worst person to do it.”

“I believe the captain already proved that she will not kill you on sight. Besides, if she does practice blood magic, then sight will have very little to do with how she kills you. I suggest you use this as an opportunity to demonstrate your value to her.”

I wasn't at all convinced that was a good idea, but I also wasn't nearly dumb enough to keep fighting her on it. “Alright, fine, I’ll do it, but you have to know that if Virra gets her way, then the Syndicate isn’t going to let it go. It’ll mean war.”

You could be reading stolen content. Head to Royal Road for the genuine story.

“That is something that I am counting on.” The captain grinned at me in a way that made my blood run cold, and I had to stop myself from darting out of the room. “Now, leave us and prepare yourself for tomorrow. It seems as if you will need to find yourself a new gun.”

 



 

And that’s how I ended up in the middle of an empty street surrounded by more than two dozen pirates, all waiting for me to introduce a woman who didn’t like me to a woman who wanted me dead. It wasn’t one of my finer moments.

“She’s late,” Maymi, the half dragon, complained. She was supposedly a bit taller than me, but personally, I thought she added extra padding to her boots. Plus, the white power-armor she wore, which absolutely clashed with her bronze scales, added a bit to her height even if she said it didn’t. So, it really wasn’t a contest. I was the taller one.

“She’s not late, we’re early.” I adjusted my backup belt for the millionth time. It didn’t fit right, and I didn't have a chance to get all the adjustments I wanted done last night. Not with everything else I had going on. “Would you relax already? If you or your boys start getting trigger-happy, then we’re both fucked.”

“I’m only here because you got in over your head and Captain Aoyama asked me personally to step in. If this ‘meeting’ turns into a shootout, then you’ll be the first one taking a bullet. I’ll make sure of it.” Maymi continued to stare forward as she adjusted the settings on her rifle to be more effective at close range.

I chuckled. “Well, they say the third time’s the charm. Who knows? Maybe it’ll actually stick.”

“Look sharp,” Maymi snapped to attention. “Virra just left the transit station, and she brought her devil with her.”

“Just the one?” My mind immediately went to the threat she made about not bringing a healer next time, and I started to get a little anxious. “I don’t suppose it’s the guy she brought with her, is it?”

“No, it’s a woman, and she looks like a real bitch,” Maymi said, before turning around to address her crew. “Spread out and keep the elf down range, but focus fire on the devil if it comes to a fight. Remember, we’re just here to politely decline Captain Virra’s request, but if she insists, then we’ll just have to show her exactly how much a seat on the council costs these days.” There was a chorus of chuckles, which seemed to only bolster Maymi’s confidence. “Well, what are you waiting for? Get into position and make sure she’ll be able to see you.”

There was some chatter as the crew spread out, and I double checked all my weapons.

Virra finally showed up after I finished checking all my equipment for the eighth time. She was wearing some basic body armor and looked dressed for a fight, but didn’t have any weapons I could see. The lack of weapons was surprising, but her companion was the most surprising of all. She was taller than Thea and had much longer hair. I didn’t recognize her. Which made me wonder exactly how many devils the captain had on her crew.

“Anali, I was expecting to have to track you down when all this is done. It’s kind of you to save me the trouble.” Captain Virra smiled at me and I took a step back.

“Zen didn’t tell you that I was going to be here? Captain Aoyama asked me to help facilitate as a show of good faith.” I held up my hands and remembered what she had said about her devils last night. “You can tell if I’m lying, right? I promise, I’m only here to help things go smoothly. I have absolutely no interest in standing in your way.”

“Leila? Your thoughts?” Virra turned to the devil, who gave a half-shrug.

“Well, she’s not lying, but she is a coward. I can see why Thea doesn’t like her.”

I flinched back. “Okay, ouch. Don’t you think that’s a bit harsh?”

Maymi cleared her throat to draw everyone’s attention. “We can discuss Anali’s cowardice later. I think it’s about time we talked about why you’re here.”

“Very well, I’ll make this simple. Return Ithnaa to us immediately, or I’ll kill you and every last member of your crew.”

Maymi shook her head with a resigned grin. “Unfortunately, that’s not an option. I’ve already contacted the Syndicate and I’m going to meet Mother in three days so that she can pick up her ‘wayward child’ and teach her the ‘importance of obedience.' I don’t envy your friend, and I sure as the hells am not looking to replace her. I suggest you cut your losses here, for everyone’s sake.”

“What do you mean ‘everyone’?” Leila, the devil, asked. “It sounds to me like it’s just your ass on the line here. I don’t see how that’s our problem.”

Maymi tilted her head to the side. “You surely can’t be that short sighted. Paradise has a tenuous relationship with the Syndicate in the best of times and it's all over the moment Mother decides we aren’t worth keeping around. It’s not worth risking annihilation just to protect one of her own lords.”

The devil smiled in amusement. “Still not seeing how that’s our problem.”

Maymi was about to respond when Virra interrupted her. “Anali, do you know where she’s keeping Ithnaa?”

“On her flagship. It’s docked near the center of her sector, about half a kilometer from here.”

“Bullshit, I moved her.”

“She’s lying.”

“Maymi, this is your last chance. I’m not going to ask again.”

“I’m sorry, captain, but that’s not going to happen.” Maymi stood her ground and Captain Virra shook her head with a sigh.

“Well, we tried. Kill anyone who gets in our way. Leave the rest.”

I immediately activated my personal shield and dodged backwards. Which put me in the perfect position to watch Thea appear behind Maymi and pull her onto the ground. She then punched through the chest of her power armor as if it wasn’t even there.

That’s when shit really hit the fan. Two dozen rifles unloaded into the shorter devil, and it was all I could do just to dive out of the way to avoid the crossfire. Thea, on the other hand, just fucking disappeared, then reappeared in six different places at the same damn time.

Sora even decided to make an appearance in order to kill a pair of pirates who had the misfortune of standing too close to each other.

It was all over a few seconds later, and I found myself lying on the ground, surrounded by the dead.

“Well, that was underwhelming." A new, unknown devil appeared a few meters away from me, and I just lifted my hands above my head in surrender.

# 19: Waking Reunion

Ithnaa

“Hey, hottie, how’re you feeling?” A soft voice brushed away the haze of sleep, and I opened my eyes with a tired smile.

“Sora, you’re still alive. That’s good.” My throat was dry, and it was weirdly hard to think straight. To make matters worse, when I tried to move my arm, I found it was restrained to the bed. “What is this? Where am I?”

“It’s alright, you’re here with us, you’re safe. We just had a few issues with the restraints, that’s all. We’ll have you out of here in no time.” Sora chuckled as they continued. “Honestly, if I had a credit for every time I’ve had to give that little speech, then I could probably afford to open a shibari academy. Maybe then I wouldn’t have to do it nearly as often.”

“Oh, please. Don’t even pretend like you don’t love having me tied up.” I tried to teleport to the other side of the room, but nothing happened. Well, nothing other than Sora raising one of their perfect eyebrows.

“I love it when one of us can actually undo the restraints, not when you’re being held against your will.”

“Then stand back so I can free myself.”

They tried to object, but I waved them off, and once they were a few meters away, I attempted to summon a pair of blades to cut through the restraints. Again, nothing happened.

“I was trying to tell you that the room is set up with magic dampeners. Nothing works in here.”

“That might explain why I’m having difficulty focusing.” I settled back into the surprisingly comfortable bed. It seemed as though I was being held in a rather well-stocked infirmary. There were three other beds that looked just as comfortable, along with an advanced surgical pod. Strangely, though, Sora was the only other person in the room.

“Where is everyone?” I asked, and then was hit with a sudden wave of panic. “Where is Samira? Is she safe?”

“We're on a pirate ship docked at Paradise. Bryce and most of the others are dealing with the survivors, and yes, Sami is safe. We didn’t want to risk someone finding her alone, so she's with a friend who is more than capable of protecting her.”

“Good.” I felt my heart rate slow as the panic subsided. “I’ve grown attached to the little brat. I would have been disappointed if my mistake had caused her harm.”

“Yeah, me too,” they agreed, but then frowned and continued in a chastising tone. “Grown attached to the brat, that is. What happened wasn’t your fault. It had nothing to do with you. If anything, your only mistake was not leaving while you could. You shouldn’t have tried to protect us.”

“Thank you for saying that, Sora, but we both know that a group of second-rate mercenaries shouldn’t have stood a chance against me. I should have just killed them outright, instead of wasting time trying to learn how they located the ship.”

“If we’re second-rate, then what does that make you?” I tensed as a familiar half-elf walked through the door. “And if you want to know how we found your ship, you could just ask.”

“What is she doing here?”

“It’s alright, she helped us find you. A lot happened while you were out, and it's going to take awhile to explain it all,” they half-answered before turning towards the mercenary with a chiding tone. “Although, why she’s here instead of helping Aurora secure the ship like she was ordered, I couldn’t tell you.”

“Your devil friend thought you’d like it if I came to deliver the keys to your restraints, but if I’m not welcome, then I guess I can just throw them in the recycler.”

Sora didn’t even flinch at the threat. “Go ahead, I’ll just take Suriel out to dinner while we leave you alone in a room with Thea. Could be fun to see how long you last.”

The story has been stolen; if detected on Amazon, report the violation.

“Alright, alright, I get it. You’d think a kitsune would be able to take a joke. Here, move over. I’ll get the restraints.” The mercenary produced a small black cube attached to a delicate chain as she approached, and Sora stepped aside. She placed the cube against each restraint one by one and they fell away in turn. I immediately felt the magic dampeners shut off as my last limb was released.

“Thank you.” I smiled at her as I rubbed at my wrist and sat up. “Now, if you’ll excuse us, Sora.” I grabbed the mercenary’s neck and lifted her a meter into the air, teleporting us away before they could respond. We appeared in a dark, wet abyss that was near enough to the planet’s core to cause the air to be far warmer than would be comfortable, but not so hot as to be lethal.

I conjured a bright purple light that illuminated the terrified face of the mercenary. “Welcome to Al’awta. Do not worry, there’s plenty of water here, and you’ll grow used to the darkness in a few years. I would, however, recommend you move from this spot rather quickly. A few of the guests have turned to cannibalism, and they've begun to associate the sound of my arrival with food.” As if on cue, a chorus of shifting rocks and low guttural growls started echoing from all around us. That’s when I finally released her. “Enjoy your stay.”

“W-wait! Please, just hear me out!” She moved to grab at my clothes, but stopped short when she saw me glaring.

“Two minutes, then I’m leaving.” I crossed my arms and waited. She immediately started panicking.

“Shit, um, y-your captain! That’s right, Captain Virra ordered her own partner not to kill me. There’s no way she’ll let you get away with this.”

“Bryce isn’t my captain. I don’t work for her, and I sure as the hells don’t take orders from her. Whatever restrictions she gave to Thea don’t apply to me. One minute left.”

“What? That wasn’t even close to a full minute!” She objected, and I just shrugged.

“Thea and Bryce are my friends, and I didn’t like you trying to use them against me. Time is running out. Better hurry.”

“Fuck, what do you want from me? An apology?” she asked, and I raised an eyebrow without replying. “Look, I’m sorry, alright? The job description was just to bring home a couple of kids who ran away from their mother. It was supposed to be quick, easy money. We never would have accepted it if we knew all the details.”

“Do I look like a fool to you? You can't seriously expect me to believe that you, who created a living mana bomb just to deal with Bryce, failed to do the absolute bare minimum amount of research required to learn who you were hunting and why. I am done being insulted. You will live your remaining days in darkness.”

“I’ll work for you!” I paused just before teleporting away, and she continued. “Whatever you want, I’ll do it. Just don’t leave me here.”

I took a moment to size up the half-elf and consider her offer. She had admittedly proven herself capable by tracking down the siblings, but I wasn’t about to let her off the hook for the attack. So, without saying a word, I summoned my most restrictive contract and handed it to her.

“What is this?”

“Servitude contract. Sign it and I’ll take you back.”

To her credit, the mercenary actually started reading through the terms. “It says I can’t eat chocolate, or use public restrooms until, and I quote, ‘you learn to defecate like a person.’ Who in the hells was this written for?”

 I frowned. “A wolf shifter got drunk and did her business on my bed. I figured a contract written for an uncivilized bitch was perfect for you.”

“This is ridiculous. I’m not signing it.”

“Then you’re staying here.” I dimmed the light, causing the surrounding growling noises to grow louder. “It’s probably for the best. I’ve been away for a few years, which means my guests haven’t eaten meat in a while.”

 She seemed to deflate as she exhaled. “Alright, look, I’ll work for you, but you don’t own me. Write up a new contract, one that doesn’t include telling me where I can shit or what I’m allowed to eat, and I’ll sign it.”

I summoned a new contract, made a few modifications, and handed it to her. It was restrictive, but not so bad that dying in a dark cave would be preferable. She seemed to agree, and signed it with a drop of blood after just a few moments. “Alright, what now?”

I reached out and grabbed the front of her armor, lifting her into the air and teleporting the two of us to the token that Sora still carried with them.

They didn’t even flinch as we reappeared back in the infirmary. “Welcome back, Anali. I honestly wasn’t expecting to see you again.”

“Oh, your name is Anali? Good to know.” I dropped the half-elf so that I could turn to Sora and ambush them in a hug while kissing them deeply.

They broke the kiss with a wide grin. “What did I do to deserve that?”

“You came for me.” I kissed them again, and they shook their head without diminishing their smile.

“That can’t be it. I come for you all the time, and you’ve never once reacted like this.”

“Don’t be crude.” I chuckled as I let them go. “Now, take me to Bryce. We have a lot to discuss.”

“Sure, but I doubt she’ll appreciate it if you thank her the same way you did me.” They started to laugh as they turned to leave. “Actually, maybe you should. Seeing Thea’s reaction might be worth it. ”

# 20: Contract Requirements

 Bryce

“I don’t understand.” Sakeem frowned as he brought a data-pad over to me. The curly-haired human was smart, he just wasn’t quite getting it.

“Alright, look, these columns are your monthly expenses. Those are your projected average income, and that’s your actual,” I explained as I pointed to each section of the ledger. “Black means your income is above your expenses, red means it’s not. Black is good, red is bad. This is a lot of red.”

“No, I got that, but what’s this expense?” He tapped on one of the rows to expand it. "It’s not a lot by itself, usually just a few hundred credits, but it keeps showing up.”

“May I?” I asked, and he nodded before handing me the data-pad. Maymi’s finances had been handled almost exclusively by her quartermaster, who had unfortunately been with her during our earlier ‘meeting.’ Sakeem was actually the chief culinary officer, but he was the last living major officer in the fleet, which made him the captain. At least until a new one could be chosen. “Here, look.” I moved next to him and started scrolling through the query results. “Exactly fifteen percent of each major monthly deposit is automatically being split into chunks and paid out to this same account over the course of the following week. It’s definitely embezzlement. Although, it’s not a particularly clever way to do it. She honestly couldn't have left more evidence behind if she tried.”

“Well, fuck.” Sakeem took the data-pad back from me. “Is it possible for us to recover any of it? Or at least stop it from happening the next time we deposit something?”

“Yes, but…” I hesitated as I answered. “You’re going to want to hire a specialist to do it, and considering your profession, I’d recommend getting a binding contract made.”

“So, on top of everything, I now also need to find a finance specialist and someone I trust enough to make a magic contract?” He was clearly getting overwhelmed, and as much as I felt for the poor guy, I was thankful that it wasn’t my problem.

“Bryce could probably make a contract for you,” Sora offered as they stepped off the elevator and onto the bridge with an unexpected pair in tow.

“Would you, Captain Virra? I can’t tell you how much of a relief it would be to have someone on the council mediate this for me.” Sakeem stared up at me with huge brown puppy dog eyes, and I let out a tired sigh.

“If you can find a specialist while I’m on Paradise, then sure, I'll do it.”

“Thank you so much, captain, you won’t regret this.” He moved his data-pad to under his arm as he took my hand in both of his and bowed at the waist. “Please, Captain Virra, come back tomorrow night and I’ll prepare a romantic dinner for you and your partner.”

I was about to politely decline when Sora interrupted. “The captain would love to. After all, if word somehow got back to Thea that she refused, then who knows what could happen.”

I glared at the grinning kitsune as I agreed. “Of course. That sounds lovely, and it’s not like I’m incredibly busy right now trying to keep everybody alive.”

“It’s Kazeem, right?” Sora asked, and Sakeem shook his head with a look of confusion. “Right, Kazeem. You should go find your special person while we speak with the captain.”

“Thank you again, Captain Virra. I’ll make sure your dinner is ready anytime after 23:00. Please, just come by when it’s most convenient for you.” Sakeem left in a rush before I even had a chance to respond, and I turned towards Sora with a glare.

“You don’t have to thank me. Seeing Thea’s smiling face when she describes the date to me later is all the payment that I need. Although your annoyed glare is definitely a bonus.”

The author's narrative has been misappropriated; report any instances of this story on Amazon.

I reminded myself that Sora was probably just trying to look after me, and with that in mind, decided to go for a different approach. “Thank you, Sora. A lot has happened in the last few days and taking an evening to relax sounds wonderful. And to think, I had nearly declined the offer out of hand.”

“I…” Sora froze, not quite sure how to respond, and I just smiled sweetly at them. “Oh, you’re messing with me. Bryce, you know that’s not going to work.”

“Ithnaa, I’m glad to see you awake. How are you feeling?” I ignored Sora to address the djinn, which only seemed to irritate them that much more.

“Somewhat embarrassed, but what little is left of my pride was the only thing damaged. I wasn’t even free from the bottle for a full month before being captured again.” Ithnaa shook her head with a self-deprecating smile. “Thank you, Bryce. I wouldn’t have survived if Mother had taken custody of me. I owe you my life.”

“Don’t thank me yet. Maymi was planning on handing you over to Mother in three days, and she’s still on her way. Which means we’re going to have to figure out a way to deal with her much sooner than I expected.”

“Did you say three days?” she asked in disbelief, and I nodded to confirm. “Was this ‘Maymi’ planning on meeting Mother somewhere, or is she coming here?”

I was about to say that I didn’t know when Anali spoke up. “The meeting was supposed to be on Halcyon. It’s a Syndicate controlled world but doesn’t technically belong to Mother, which makes it about as close to neutral as it gets with her.”

“If Mother is going to be away from her stronghold, then this could be the best chance we have to get to her,” Sora pointed out, and I started chewing on my lower lip as I considered it.

“Halcyon wasn’t chosen by accident,” Ithnaa added. “It’s controlled by Suhali, who is one of only a few lords to publicly oppose Mother. Albeit only rarely, and never on anything important. If I had to guess, she was planning to force Suhali to punish, and eventually, kill me as a warning.”

“Would Suhali be willing to help us ambush Mother?” I asked.

“Maybe, but she would need to know that it’s actually possible for us to succeed, and that it wouldn’t blow back on her if we failed. Then there’s the question of whether or not we would even want her help.”

“What do you mean? Why wouldn’t we want her help?” Sora furrowed their brow as they asked, and Anali gave a skeptical look.

“Because you can’t trust the Syndicate? She’ll probably just turn on you the moment anything goes wrong.”

“But you we can trust, right?” Sora countered, before turning to me. “Why is she even here? I get that we can’t kill her yet, but that doesn’t mean she needs to be a part of all of our planning.”

Before I had a chance to reply, Ithnaa turned towards the half-elf with a commanding voice. “Anali, I order you to remove the gun from its holster and point the barrel down at your own foot. Then you are to tell Captain Virra one vital piece of information. If she doesn’t tell you that she’s satisfied with the information in the next fifteen seconds, then you will pull the trigger. Understand?”

“Yes, ma’am,” Anali replied through clinched teeth as she pulled out her pistol and did as she was commanded. “I signed a magically enforced contract with Ithnaa which forces me to do whatever she tells me. I couldn’t reveal your plan even if I tried.”

I raised my eyebrow at the woman. “That’s interesting, sure, but I wouldn’t exactly consider it vital. I mean, you have other motivations not to betray us.”

She pulled the trigger and immediately fell over in pain as the bullet passed straight through the center of her foot. “Fucking hells! You couldn’t have at least said you were satisfied?”

“Anali,” Ithnaa interrupted the stream of curses with the same commanding tone. “Same conditions, but this time point the gun at your own head.”

Her eyes went wide as she moved the barrel to aim beneath her chin. “My crew is on their way to capture your ship and try to trade it for my safety. They’ll be there in two days.”

“I’m satisfied,” I growled at her, and she immediately put the gun away. “Ithnaa, order her not to communicate with her crew in any way, under any condition.” She did, and I continued. “How far is Halcyon from where the Fury is right now?”

“A day and a half,” Sora answered.

“And when is the appointment to get your implants repaired?”

“Tomorrow morning.”

“In that case, we’re leaving immediately after. Please let everyone know to be ready.” I walked past the three of them towards the elevator.

“Where are you going?” Sora asked, and I shouted back over my shoulder.

“I have a dinner that needs to be rescheduled.”

# 21: Emergency Departure

Thea

Bryce continued to chant in the background while the other six of us, plus Sanya, were gathered together in the hall outside our room.

“You sure you want to come with us?” I asked Leila, who was the one standing closest to me. “I’m pretty sure we can handle things without you guys. I mean, I fought Orrid all by myself, and Bryce is basically a god at this point.”

“Yes, I’m certain. There’s very little we can do on Paradise without Samira at this point, and the sooner this is handled, the sooner we can get back to repairing our new ship.”

“Fair enough. I mean, it should only take us a few days, anyway.”

“A very stressful few days,” Suriel added, but Bryce interrupted before I could retort.

“It’s open! Move!”

Since I didn’t have time for a quip, I settled for a shrug before sprinting into the room, stealing a kiss from Bryce, and rushing through the portal. We had a pretty big bedroom, but with seven people it would be tight, so I kept on moving to the living area.

Everything on the Fury was still a mess. The bar was riddled with bullet holes, the dining table was tossed aside and was covered in scorch marks, and then, on top of all of that, one of the couches was covered in dried blood. Taking in the whole scene immediately soured my mood.

“You’re paying for all of this, right?” I asked Anali, who was busy leaning against the wall.

“Yes, she is,” Ithnaa answered from where she was sitting on the couch across from her. “She’s also going to spend every waking moment cleaning up this mess until you tell her otherwise.”

“Fuck that, I don’t want the thief touching any more of my stuff. I’ll handle all the cleaning. I just don’t want to be the one paying for the damage.”

“Sure, whatever, just send me the bill.”

I squinted at Anali. “I don’t like you.”

“You know what? Fuck this. I’m tired of being the bad guy here.” She pushed herself off the wall and started stomping towards me. “Your dumbass friends would be unconscious and halfway to Mother’s compound right now if it wasn’t for me. Hells, we only found them because Sora tried to sleep with a bartender and couldn’t be bothered to delete her contact when she didn't meet their standards. If anything, you’re lucky that we got to them before anyone else. Otherwise, it would just be some other group of two-bit bounty hunters, and I’d bet every last credit that they wouldn’t have been nearly as concerned about what happened after the two of them were handed over.”

“Which bartender?” Softie asked from behind me. I hadn’t even noticed the group forming back there. It even included Sanya, who had somehow managed to follow us through the portal.

“I thought you were just going to say goodbye to Aurora, what are you doing here?" I asked the satyr.

“Need to protect my investment.” She waved me off. “Besides, you lot are pretty entertaining. There’s no way I’m letting you leave me before I know what happens next.”

“Which bartender?” Softie ignored our side conversation to ask again.

Anali seemed to give up on being angry as she explained. “Samantha. She used to own a syndicate bar on Drassun, but it went under when the local lord was killed. One of her friends, Rossi, contacted a member of my crew and arranged to have us take her to Paradise.”

“Excuse me.” Softie pushed past me and made an angry bee-line for their room. Sami and I were both about to chase after them, but Ithnaa was faster.

“Shit. I’ll go talk to them.” She teleported away, which stopped us in our tracks.

“Samira, please work on getting the ship back online. We’ll send Sora down to talk to you when they’re out of their room,” Bryce ordered, but Sami didn’t respond right away, instead she kept staring in the direction of Softie’s room. “Samira, please, we’re racing against the clock here.”

“Right, sorry, captain. I’ll get started on that.” She turned around and sprinted down the stairs towards the engineering corridors.

“Aurora, see if there’s anything you can do to help, but leave her alone if she sends you away,” Leila ordered, and my sister nodded.

“Of course, I’ll go check on her.” She left and her twin turned towards Suriel.

“You better go with her and make sure she doesn’t get too pushy.”

“I can do that.” He left too, which only left Leila, Bryce, and me to deal with Anali. Oh, and Sanya, but she definitely didn’t count.

“You mentioned Rossi. Why does that name sound so familiar?” I had intended the question for the half-elf, but it was Bryce who answered.

“We stole her ship and used it to infiltrate Rajak’s compound, but not before Daria spent the better part of the day ‘interrogating’ her. If she managed to get off Drassun, then it could mean trouble for us. Especially if she’s still on Paradise.”

“I don’t think you have to worry about her coming after you for revenge. Honestly, the way she talked about you was, well, terrifying, but for a different reason. It was almost like she worshiped you.”

“Worshiped me? For what?” Bryce furrowed her brows, and I grabbed her hand.

Unauthorized usage: this tale is on Amazon without the author's consent. Report any sightings.

“Babe, you’re basically a god now. You should get used to the idea of people wanting to go to your afterlife. I mean, it’s probably going to be pretty great.”

“That’s the last thing I want to think about right now,” she said as she shook her head, and I was about to argue about how she would need to start thinking about that soon, when Anali continued.

“It was all about how you became a candidate or whatever, not your afterlife. She wouldn’t stop talking about what you did to the Para Vista colonies. It was as if you were her hero for killing all those people.” That turned out to be exactly the wrong thing to say, and I felt my girlfriend’s entire body tense up.

“Well, congratulations on finding the actual last thing I wanted to think about right now. Thea, please show everyone to their rooms and fetch some linens so that Anali will be more comfortable on the couch.” Bryce let go of my hand and walked back up the stairs to our bedroom. I watched her leave before turning to glare at Anali.

“What the fuck was that for?”

“I’m sorry, I didn’t realize it was a sensitive topic,” she apologized, and was actually telling the truth, but I was still pissed.

“You didn’t realize that her accidentally killing fifty-thousand innocent people might be a sensitive topic?” I asked in a hushed tone, but continued before Anali could respond. “Besides, it was saving my life that made her a candidate, not that.”

“Thea, how sure are you about that?” Leila asked, and I hesitated.

“It couldn’t have been anything else. The whole Vista thing happened like thirty years ago, and she only went from plain old Bryce to a godly candidate like two weeks ago.”

“She wasn’t a candidate? Why would Rossi think she was?” Anali asked, and I shrugged.

“Probably because she single-handedly melted two of her ships? I mean, Bryce might not have become a candidate from Para Vista, but she still got almost all of her mana from it.”

“Killing those people increased her maximum mana?” Leila asked with a frown, and I nodded. “Thea, that’s simply not possible. Not unless…” she trailed off before turning to walk up the stairs. “I need to speak with her immediately.”

“Oh, this is getting good.” Sanya made like she was about to follow her, but I held out my hand.

“Nope! You can go downstairs and pick out the bedroom you want to share with Aurora,” I ordered, before pointing at Anali. “And you can go fix the dining table, then get comfortable out here, because you’re sleeping on the couch until we meet with your crew. Oh, but somebody stole our sheets, and we don’t have any extra. So, good luck with that.” I ignored the bitching coming from the satyr as I sprinted up the stairs to stop Leila from ambushing my girlfriend. Thankfully, I managed to make it there just as she was opening the door and grabbed her arm to stop her. “Lei, listen to me. This is a really hard topic for Bryce, and she’s already stretched thin. Please, just wait to talk about it until after we deal with Mother.”

“It’s fine, Thea, let her in,” Bryce shouted from inside the room, and I reluctantly let Leila go before following her in. “I know what you’re about to ask, and the answer is yes.” She chuckled grimly to herself as she answered. “Don’t look so surprised, Thea. You’re not nearly as quiet as you think you are. I could hear your entire conversation from up here.”

“Do you have anything to say for yourself?” Leila asked, and I was feeling a bit out of the loop.

Bryce shook her head. “There’s nothing I can say other than what happened on Para Vista was a tragedy. I didn’t even realize exactly how bad it was until a few days ago when Thea told me about her fight with Aris, and now I’m worried that it was so much worse than I ever could have imagined.”

“How could you have possibly not known?”

“Guys, what’s going on? I feel like I’m in the dark here,” I asked, and Leila turned away from Bryce with a deadly serious expression.

“Your girlfriend’s excess mana comes from directly siphoning the souls of fifty-thousand mortals. It’s the only way to make rapid mana gain like that permanent without killing yourself, and should have resulted in divine intervention. I don’t know how she got away with it.”

“Bryce, is that true?” I had killed mortals before, and even used a soul-destroying blade on more than a few of them, but there was a world of difference between damaging someone’s soul and stealing it.

“I'm not sure, but I think it’s likely,” Bryce admitted before explaining. “The spell was only designed to absorb mana, and my initial assumption was that it evolved to include life force. You see, converting between the two is relatively easy. At least, in principle. It's actually how most healing magic works. Although, I’m pretty far from an expert in that field.”

“You’re rambling,” Leila accused, and Bryce gave a self-deprecating smile.

“Sorry, I suppose I am. Anyway, the spell had already shown a propensity to self-edit, the idea that the evolution could potentially expand to include life force just made sense. Besides, I was trying to limit my research on the spell after the incident in order to prevent it from being discovered. So, I didn’t bother digging any deeper. However, after rebuilding your core, and hearing the description of how Aris died, I realized the simpler solution was that the spell took hold in the victim’s core and drained it until there was nothing left. At which point, it likely moved onto their soul and did the same thing.”

“You didn’t know that it would do that when you cast the spell?” Leila asked, and Bryce shook her head.

“No, I didn’t. It was based on a well-tested mana engine formation that I created more than half a decade before the event, one I still use even to this day to charge gems. The only thing that made this different was that I adjusted it to self-repair and targeted the output to my own core. I should have been the only one at risk.”

“And you’re not planning on ever casting this spell again?”

“Absolutely not. I would die first,” Bryce confirmed without hesitating, and Leila paused to think for a moment before continuing.

“I have one last question. Suriel told me that you threatened Anali with blood magic. Is that something you’re capable of?”

“Am I capable of threatening someone? It seems like all I can do these days,” Bryce chuckled, but Leila didn’t respond, so she continued. “I’ve studied blood magic, and in theory, can cast it, but I’ve never tried. If what you’re asking is whether or not I would have used it on Anali, then again, the answer is yes. I would have, and may very well still do it, depending on how this meeting goes.”

“I realize that I have no right to make requests, especially considering how and where we met, but I feel as though I need to ask this of you anyway. Please, don't kill Anali or her crew.”

“What? Why in the hells do you care about her?” That was probably the last thing I had expected Leila to ask. Like seriously, I had never even seen her talk to Anali.

“To be perfectly frank, I don’t care about her. However, what Bryce did to save your life likely pales in comparison to consuming the souls of fifty-thousand mortals. There’s absolutely no doubt in my mind that her mantle is soul related, and it’s probably a particularly nasty one. If it’s discovered, then every single choice that she’s ever made will be under scrutiny and more than just her mantle will be at risk if she’s found wanting.”

I wasn’t sure what to say, and Bryce just sat there for a moment before pushing off the bed to stand. “I promise that I’ll keep your request in mind, but I won’t risk the safety of my crew for my own sake.” She tried to leave, but I grabbed her hand as she moved past.

“Bryce, you don’t have to sacrifice yourself for a mistake you made thirty years ago. There was no way you could have known what would happen.”

“Thank you, Thea, and I know. You don’t have to worry about me,” she lied as she pulled her hand from mine and went to lock herself in the observation room to study alone.

# 22: Making Things Right

Samira

“Alright, now check each of the lines one last time. If they’re still clear, then come back down and we can start installing the core,” I shouted up to Aurora, before taking a step back to let her down off the reactor.

“Where did you learn to do all this?” Suriel asked, and I actually had to think about it for a moment before answering.

“I think Ksen was the one who taught me. They used to handle all the shield upgrades on Mother’s ships. Although, now that I think about it, it might have been their apprentice. I don’t remember her name, but in my defense, she died like twelve years ago, and I didn’t know her that well.”

“Twelve years ago?” Suriel gave me a confused look, and I did the math again before nodding.

“Yeah, I’m pretty sure it’s been about twelve years, but don’t worry, this isn’t something that’s easy to forget. Besides, I unofficially took over most of the shield maintenance after Mother punished Ksen and they couldn’t do it anymore, then I kept doing it for Teolix while I was working for him. Although, he really didn’t need starship work done very often. Most of his business was planetside. Same principle, though, just less power to worry about.”

“Oh, I didn’t mean to question your qualifications. It was just the number of years that surprised me. I’m not very good at judging mortal ages, and I assumed you were younger based on your appearance.”

“Don’t worry about it. Most people think I’m younger than I actually am. It’s one of the side effects of growing up eating table scraps. I’m actually like twenty or something, but if you want an exact age, you’ll have to ask Sora. They’re the one that likes to keep track of it.”

Suriel seemed like he wanted to ask me more questions, but Aurora jumped down from the reactor before he could. “Holy shit, there has to be an easier way to do that.”

“Sure, if you don’t force the ship to run on emergency power for a week straight, then you can use the console. As it is, we’re lucky to still have life support. A few more days and we’d be breathing aether right about now.”

“Fair,” Aurora chuckled as she looked around the reactor room. “So, what’s next? Time to power it up?”

“No, we need to install the nav-core while the power is still off.” I reached into the leather satchel Sora gave me and pulled out the small orb. The blue light from within it tickled the palm of my hand, and I smiled as my mind went back to Thea’s explanation about how souls interact. “Come on, it’s just over here.” I started walking back towards the corridors as I continued to explain. “Suriel, you’ll need to have one of these enchanted for you before you leave Paradise. But I’d recommend having a new core created from scratch instead of using the one Leila negotiated from Ulyd. A used core will technically still work just as good, but it leaves echoes of its last owner. I’ve been told that it can get weird.”

“Was Sora’s core used?” Aurora asked, and I shook my head.

“No, we stole a new one from the parts storage in Mother’s compound. A perk of working for a lazy mechanic is that they’ll give you their access codes to keep you from bugging them every time you need to swap out a tool. Here, pull open that panel. It’s a safe that’s normally magnetically locked.”

“Is that why we needed to wait to restore the power?” Aurora asked as she squatted down to open the panel, and I knelt down across from her.

“Yeah, it’s a security precaution to stop people from messing with the core while it's plugged in. Which can be dangerous for the navigator, and deadly for the idiot who tries. Make sure you pay attention to how I’m doing this. I’ll walk you through installing Suriel’s core once we get to it, but seeing it first will probably help.”

I narrated what I was doing while installing the core, and once it was done, I stood up to stretch my back with a smile. “See? It’s not too bad. Just make sure you space the connectors out evenly. Otherwise, it can give the navigator phantom sensations, and they’ll complain non-stop until you fix it.”

“Samira, thank you for doing all of this for us,” Suriel interrupted. “Not just for teaching Aurora, but also for the mechanical work on our ship. It has been truly invaluable.”

“Don’t worry about it. You’re Thea’s family. I would’ve done it even if the captain hadn’t asked me to.” I smiled at him before looking over at Aurora. “Plus, it’s kind of nice having someone around who does what I ask without second-guessing everything.”

She shrugged with a half-grin. “Sora threatened me. Well, Thea did too, but it was their threat that really struck home. I don’t care if I have a brother who can heal everything up to and including death. I’m going to do whatever I can to stay on Sora’s good side.”

If you spot this narrative on Amazon, know that it has been stolen. Report the violation.

I shook my head with a grin. “Sora may act tough, but they’re a big softie. I mean, Thea gave them that nickname for a reason.”

“Dear gods, Suriel, she actually believes that. Is her brain broken? Can you fix it?”

“Sorry, but I think this one is beyond my ability. Maybe if we had made it to her sooner.”

I rolled my eyes as I turned to leave. “Come on, I’ll let you both flip the switch on the reactor if you promise to stop talking.”

“Did you hear that, Aurora? We get to flip the switch.” Suriel actually sounded giddy as they followed me to the reactor room.

“Really? I’ve always wanted to flip a switch. Do you think she’ll let us turn some knobs, too? Maybe even adjust some of those little slider thingies?”

“Absolutely not. Neither of you are allowed to touch my settings, and if I hear any complaints about it, then I’m telling Sora that you didn’t listen to me.”

 



 

“Sora, are you dressed in there?” I banged on their door again, and it finally opened to reveal them sitting on the edge of the bed with Ithnaa standing on the other side of the room. Thankfully, they were fully clothed, but the atmosphere was gloomy enough that even I couldn’t ignore it.

“Hey, Sami.” Sora half-grinned at me before continuing with a frown. “I need to apologize to you. Well, and everyone else, but especially you.”

“Yeah, I forgive you. Are you going to come out now? The captain locked herself in the observation room and Thea is really worried about her.”

“Samira, don’t you understand? It was my fault. All of it. Just because I didn’t want to stay behind on the ship while Bryce and Thea handled everything.” They shook their head as they scoffed. “Even then, it would have been perfectly fine if I had an ounce of self-control, but no! You were almost handed over to Mother, just because I had to spend the night drinking with a fucking syndicate officer.”

“Sora, how long would I have lasted without you?” I asked, and they gave me a confused look. “Seriously, how long? Like since the beginning, all the way back to when we first met in Mother’s compound.”

“I don’t know.”

“Then let me rephrase the question. Eight years ago, the night my father died, what would have happened if Mother had sent anybody else to my bedroom?”

“Sami, that’s—”

“Alright, let’s assume for a moment that whoever Mother sent made exactly the same choices as you and I survived the night. Who else would have spent the next two years risking their life just to make sure I didn’t starve to death?”

 “None of that matters if you end up right back in Mother’s compound because of me.”

“Okay, sure, you made a dumb mistake. But so what? You make stupid mistakes all the time. Hells, most of those mistakes saved my life.” I had to stop myself from laughing as I continued the tirade. “If you had even half a brain, then you would have just killed me like Mother ordered, then spent the rest of your life living in a literal palace drinking, smoking, and fucking until your heart gave out. So, seriously, please keep making mistakes, then just apologize for the really bad ones, and move on. I’m going to forgive you every time.”

Sora stood from the bed and did their best to crush me in a massive hug. “Thank you, Sami.”

“You’re welcome.” I held onto them as best as I could manage before eventually breaking the embrace. “Now, will you come help us deal with the captain? Or at the very least, help us calm down Thea?”

“Sure, let’s find out what our fearless leader has gotten herself into this time. Ithnaa, you coming?”

“I’ll leave dealing with Captain Virra to her crew. Interpersonal issues are a little out of my depth, I think.”

“Bullshit.” Sora gave her a skeptical look. “You tried to protect us when you should have just teleported away. Anyone dumb enough to make that choice is definitely a member of the crew. Besides, it’s not like you can go back to ruling your sector now that Mother knows you’re a traitor. You may as well just stick with us.”

“You got me there,” Ithnaa chuckled. “I guess I better get used to serving under a mortal.”

“Bryce isn’t a mortal anymore,” Thea declared from outside the door.

“I asked you to wait outside.” I spun around to glare at her.

“I am outside. Besides, Softie said they were sorry, you forgave them like a million times, then you both hugged and now Ithnaa knows she’s a part of the crew. What else is there to wait for?”

“She kind of has a point,” Sora said, and I growled at them.

“It doesn’t matter if she has a point. She didn’t listen to me.”

“What did you mean Bryce isn’t a mortal anymore?” Ithnaa asked before anyone else could argue with me.

“The ‘how’ is a little complicated and kind of what I’m worried about right now, but basically, she became a divine candidate while we were in the lower planes. Which I’m pretty sure means she’s not technically a mortal anymore, but she’s also not a god yet. It can kinda go either way, and it’s starting to look like neither are very good options right now.”

Ithnaa shook her head. “That’s not possible. I would have noticed if Bryce had become a candidate.”

“She’s been hiding it under a concealment spell whenever it’s not useful,” Sora explained. “She pulled it out during the mission to rescue you, but hid it again after we found an officer willing to surrender.”

“I'm not even going to pretend to be surprised anymore. Do you know which mantle chose her?” Ithnaa asked, but the captain hadn’t told us, so we all turned to Thea. She immediately started shifting nervously.

“That’s… complicated. Maybe we should go talk to her about it.”

 “Works for me.” Sora shrugged before walking past us into the hall. “She’s just reading right now. I’ll unlock the door.”

# 23: Time To Reconsider

Bryce

I was reading while lying on the mattress we had brought in for Esme before we knew she was going to cooperate. Thankfully, we hadn’t needed to use it. But it combined with the arcane sigils that were left over from the teleportation circle, to serve as a reminder of how much of a mess the entire ship was still in. Not that I thought it would stay that way for too much longer now that Thea was here.

There was a knock on the door, followed by the sound of Thea’s voice. “Bryce, we’re coming in. If you’re not wearing pants, then tell me now so I can cover Sami’s eyes.”

The door opened before I could even respond, and I peered over the top of my data-pad with a frown as my entire crew filed in, including Ithnaa. “I could have sworn that was locked.”

“I’m sorry. I didn’t realize that we hadn’t been introduced. You see, I’m Sora, your navigator. I answer to all pronouns, but prefer they/them. Oh, and I have full control of all the doors on the ship. Since you know, my soul was just installed in it.”

“Looks like Sora is feeling better.” I couldn’t help but smile at them as I shook my head. “I take it this means that we’re ready to set off? If that’s the case, then the plan hasn’t changed. Chart an intercept course using the codes Anali provided and let me know when we’re in range.”

“Not quite. We still need to wait a little longer until Sora is finished attuning,” Samira answered. “Maybe twenty minutes? But it might be faster since this is their second time doing it with the Fury.”

“Alright, well, thanks for keeping me informed.” I tried to go back to reading, but the group didn’t make any move to leave. “Was there something else?”

“Thea, did you want to start?” Samira asked, and I let out a heavy sigh as I sat up and put the data-pad down.

“How much did she tell you?”

“Not enough.” Sora gave me a concerned look as they continued. “She was worried enough that she came to us, but still refused to give up any details. Bryce, what’s going on?”

I debated on what to say, but eventually decided that if the worst happened, then it would affect the rest of them too much for me to justify hiding anything, so I stood up and launched into my explanation. “A number of details came to light recently that seem to point towards the Para Vista incident being almost solely responsible for my current condition. If that’s the case, then it’s likely extremely dangerous, and could mean divine intervention if I ascended. Which would at the very least include stripping the mantle from me, and possibly much more.”

“How much more could they do to you?” Samira asked, and strangely enough, Ithnaa was the one to answer.

“Summary execution if the mantle is related to the destruction of souls, like I suspect.”

“What? Bullshit, how could you know that?” Thea asked. “Plus, why would they kill Bryce when they could just take her powers away?”

“More importantly, who could do that?” Sora seemed nervous, and I didn’t blame them, it was the same exact question I asked Chorus back in Hades. “Who would have enough power to strip the mantle from a goddess?”

“If it’s related to destroying souls, then I suspect Tess would do it herself,” Ithnaa answered distractedly before turning back towards me. “It is related to destroying souls, isn’t it?”

“I think it’s more likely consuming or absorbing souls, not destroying them. But I doubt there’s much of a difference. How do you know all of this?“

Unauthorized use: this story is on Amazon without permission from the author. Report any sightings.

“I used to have a god in my harem before Mother stole him from me. He wasn’t all that great in bed, but he was fun to talk to, and his favorite topic was divine gossip.”

Sora frowned. “I don’t remember a god in Mother’s harem, and I doubt that’s something I’d forget.”

“It was before your time, and he only lasted about a day before Mother accidentally killed him for being too irritating. Honestly, it was such a waste.”

“Wait, she killed a god by accident?” For the first time in a while, Thea actually looked worried about a fight. “Just how powerful is she?”

“Sora, did you not tell them?” Ithnaa asked, and Sora frowned.

“Mother is a djinn just like every other Syndicate lord. They’re all pretty powerful, and she’s more powerful than most. I could have sworn I said that already. Although, her killing a god is definitely news to me.”

“She’s one of only two progenitors, both of which predate gods. Well, at least by the modern definition. I’ve been told that the whole mantle system is relatively new. Maybe fifty or sixty thousand years old at this point.”

That was definitely concerning. “Ithnaa, if we assume the absolute best-case scenario, what are the chances that we can defeat Mother in an ambush?”

“I don’t know your full capabilities and was assuming you had some sort of plan to avoid a straight up fight. If that’s not the case, then I’d say that we might survive being in the same room as her so long as she doesn’t know we’re there, but even that would be a coin toss.”

I felt an odd sense of calm wash over me as my mind kicked into overdrive. “Alright, let’s adjust the plan then. I believe that with enough preparation, we can ambush her without being in the room. However, I’ll need to spend the rest of the trip researching a new spell, and Mother can’t know that we were ever even on the same planet as her. If I can’t come up with a solution, then we’ll abort.”

“Bryce, are you sure? This sounds dangerous.”

“I’m certain,” I answered Thea’s question with a smile. “I was wracking my brain earlier for what I could do that could compare in scope to the Para Vista incident, and killing a djinn progenitor seems like a pretty decent option.”

“What do you want us to do?” Sora asked.

“Ithnaa, allow Anali to contact her crew. Tell her to have them meet us at Halcyon, and that she’s free to leave with them if they help us. I’ll even sign a contract swearing not to use blood magic.”

“And what of my contract with her?”

“Do what you want with it, but her crew’s willing cooperation will help us kill Mother. So, keep that in mind.” Ithnaa reluctantly nodded, so I continued. “Sora, put us on course to Halcyon, but don’t shift back without warning me first.”

“What about me?” Thea asked, and I gave her an apologetic expression.

“I’m sorry, love, but you need to leave me alone for a while. Take care of the ship and crew, but don’t interrupt me unless it’s an emergency.” She grumbled her assent, and I turned towards Samira. “I realize that this is a lot to ask, but would you be willing to work with this ‘Doc’ person to integrate magical counter measures into the ship? Specifically, something to prevent scrying and teleportation? I’m not sure if it will be possible, but I intend to request it and I don’t want to do that unless you’re comfortable with the idea.”

Samira chewed on her lower lip, but eventually nodded. “I can do that, captain. As long as someone stays with me while he’s aboard.”

Sora was about to say something, but Ithnaa beat them to the punch. “I’ll be by your side the entire time. There’s no way I’m letting anyone take you again.”

“Good. One of you let the siblings know the change in plan, and all of you get out of here.” I dismissed them, and they filed out, but Thea lingered by the door.

“Bryce, are you sure you’re okay?”

“I’m positive. Thanks for worrying about me. I really appreciate it, even if I’m not always the best at showing it.”

She smiled at me before rushing up and pulling me into a kiss. “I know you do, and I’m glad you’re doing better, but next time just talk to me about it so that I don’t have to get Sora to open the door for me.”

“Alright, I’ll do my best.”

“Also, don’t think I’m letting you stay in here alone for days without expecting something in return. You owe me, and I expect to be repaid in full the moment Mother is dead. That means at least four days of just the two of us locked in a room alone together.”

I raised an eyebrow at her demand. “It’s not going to take four days for us to get to Halcyon.”

“I know, but every day without you sucks at least twice as much as normal. So, it’s only fair.”

“Alright, fine. Four days.” I leaned down to seal the deal with a kiss. “Now, get out of here. You’re way too distracting.”

She stuck her tongue out at me before turning to skip her way out of the room.

# 24: Djinns Deal

Ithnaa

“Are you serious? She said that?” Anali asked in disbelief. “Wait, what about our contract? I’m not going to agree to anything with that still in place, and I want to talk to Captain Virra myself to go over the details. I’m not giving her an open-ended promise, especially not through you.”

“Too bad.” I glared at the mortal still lying on the couch. “Bryce isn’t leaving that room until she comes up with a way to kill Mother, and that’s something that I have a vested interest in. So, I’m willing to make you a deal.”

“What kind of deal?”

“Convince your crew to do what Bryce asked, and I’ll let you buy out your contract with me.”

“How much?” She looked up at me warily.

“That depends. How much did you make selling Sora and Samira?”

“Ten million.”

I stared at her without saying a word before teleporting to Suriel’s room. He nearly fell out of the bed as he shot upright and tossed a data-pad at me. I caught it and handed it back to him. “Gods below, you scared me.”

“Come with me,” I demanded, before adding an apology. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to frighten you. Would you mind helping me with Anali? I could order her to tell me the truth, but I’m trying to be nice.”

“Why?” Leila asked from the other bed without looking up from what she was reading.

“Because I don't trust her, and my first impulse was to teleport the two of us outside so that I could negotiate while holding her over the engines. Your brother would serve as a way to dissuade her from lying without me having to resort to violence.”

“That’s not what I was asking.” Leila finally sat her book down to look at me. “Why are you trying to be nice?”

“That’s personal.”

“He isn’t going to help you unless you tell us first.” Suriel seemed like he was going to object, but a glare from his sister caused him to shift directions.

“Sorry, but if you don’t want to tell her, then you could probably just ask Thea. She’s generally pretty good at detecting lies.”

“Yet decidedly bad at deescalating situations. Especially when Anali is involved.” I shifted my weight as I considered alternatives, but then, in the interest of being open, I gave in. “I spent more than two years trapped in a bottle of cheap alcohol because I was arrogant and impulsive. Then, not even a month after being released, I was captured again for the same damn reason. I’m trying to do things differently now so that it doesn’t happen again.”

Leila looked towards Suriel, who shook his head. “She’s telling the truth, but not all of it. There’s definitely more to the story.”

“Well? What else?”

“Does it matter?” I asked, and Leila shrugged.

“I’m bored. Entertain me.”

I gritted my teeth before sighing and unclenching my fist. “I’ll try asking Aurora. Thank you for your time.”

“Ask me what?”

I turned around to see the ex-celestial standing in the doorway. Her hair was a mess and her shirt was inside-out. If it wasn’t already obvious what she had been doing, the satyr she had been doing it with hadn’t even bothered to get dressed before joining us.

“Ithnaa wants help negotiating with Anali,” Suriel explained.

“But she won’t tell us why she can’t just threaten her,” Leila added. “We’re refusing to help until she does.”

“Sounds like fun. So, Ithnaa, what’s going on?”

“This was a mistake. Excuse me.” I tried to leave, but Aurora moved to block me.

“Come on, you can talk to us. We won’t tell anybody.”

My first thought was to teleport away, but it wasn’t a large ship, and I would just be in the same position as when I started. Besides, my only other option at this point was to either threaten Anali, or go to Thea, and I was starting to think that this sort of thing ran in the family. “When I woke up the other day, I coerced Anali into a contract, then used the contract to force her to tell us about her crew.”

“Oh, I get it. You feel bad about it, right?” the satyr asked with a grin.

“No, I don’t,” I answered without hesitating. “Sora saw most of it, and they told Samira. Now, she’s worried about me.”

“Is she worried about you, or your relationship with Sora?” Suriel asked.

“I’m not in a relationship with Sora.”

“But you would like to be, which means you need Sami’s approval.” Aurora grinned at me, and I didn’t argue. “Come on, I’ll help you out. Anali and I kind of hit it off while we were looking for a way to free you. I think she’ll trust me to be fair.” I went to grab her shoulder and teleport us away, but she held out a hand to stop me. “Just know that I am actually going to be fair. If you want someone to lie to her, then you’ll need to ask Leila, or maybe Thea. Although, Lei won’t do it for free, and it’s a coin toss on whether or not Thea would even talk to her.”

“And what about you, Suriel?” I turned back to look at him and he shook his head.

“A few centuries ago, I would have ordered my sisters to apprehend you for even suggesting something like that, but I’m not that person anymore. I won’t help you trick Anali, but I won’t stop you either.”

This story has been taken without authorization. Report any sightings.

“Those are your choices. You can either work out a deal fairly with me, owe Leila, or try to convince Thea.”

I didn’t even need to take time to consider before answering. “I’m planning on acting in good faith. Having somebody there that Anali trusts could only help the situation.”

“Alright, great. Let me go get changed and I’ll meet you upstairs.” Aurora went back into her room across the hall with her satyr in tow, and I teleported back to the living area to deal with the irritating mortal.

 



 

“Somebody is at the door.” Sora lazily tapped my arm, and I pulled them in closer as I snuggled into their neck.

“You should answer it then.”

“I can’t unless you let go of me.” They pulled my arm tighter around their waist, and I let out a heavy sigh before teleporting to the door and opening it.

“What do you want?”

“I don’t know enough about djinn anatomy. Do you have a moment?” Bryce didn’t even bother to look up from her data-pad when Sora started laughing from their bed. “Shut up. That’s not what I meant, and you know it.”

“I didn’t say anything, but if you want an expert on djinn anatomy, then I volunteer as tribute.”

I shook my head at their antics before actually answering Bryce’s question. “I’d be happy to help.” I turned around to grab a robe off the floor and pulled it on before turning back to give the goddess-to-be a concerned look. “This experiment of yours won’t kill me, right?”

“What?” She finally looked up at me as she took a second to process my question. “Oh, no, it’s nothing dangerous. I just need to take a look at your core. If it works like a mortal’s, then I should be able to disconnect it from your soul, which would effectively put a near-silent expiration date on Mother. It wouldn’t kill her right away, but eventually mana-decay would kick in.”

“What’s mana-decay?” Sora asked from the bed, and I explained with a frown.

“Most living things require a constant supply of mana in order to live. If they don’t receive it, then they start to decay. It’s a particularly unpleasant way to die, and would be a fitting end for Mother, but djinn aren’t mortal. So, I doubt our cores are at all similar.”

“And even if they are, Mother’s core might be different than yours since she’s a progenitor,” Bryce added with a sigh. “But it’s worth a shot. If it works, then we’ll have a nearly silent way to kill her, and if it doesn’t, then I have six other spells that might.”

“Will any of them destroy the planet we’re on?” Sora asked, and I was about to tell them to take this seriously when Bryce nodded.

“One of them would likely ignite the atmosphere. I’m not sure what it would do in the Aether, but it shouldn’t be as bad.”

“Let’s keep that one to real-space, then?” they pleaded.

“We’ll see. Right now, that particular spell is my second-to-last resort. So, hopefully, I don’t have to cast it at all.”

Sora immediately got out of bed and marched up to her. “Bryce, no matter what happens, you cannot cast the spell from Para Vista. I don’t care if nothing else works. It’s not worth the risk.”

She took a step back as she blinked at them. “Sora, that’s not even on the table. None of the spells I’m preparing have anything to do with the soul. The closest by far is the one I’m experimenting with right now, and since it shouldn’t damage either the soul or the core directly, it'll hopefully be different enough to keep me from getting a soul mantle.”

“Wait, then what’s your last resort? What could be more dangerous than destroying a planet?”

“Ithnaa, would you mind coming back with me to the observation room? It’s a little quieter there, which should make it easier to focus.”

“Of course. Lead the way.” I followed her away from Sora’s shouting. “You know they hate it when you do that, right?”

“Oh, I know. It’s the only way I’ve found to get back at them,” Bryce chuckled as we made our way into the dining area, where Anali was waiting to ambush us.

“Captain Virra, we need to talk.”

“I told you to wait until she’s done.” I crossed my arms and set the half-elf with a glare.

“You said not to bother her while she’s in her room. Now she’s not. Besides, this can’t wait.”

I was about to object when Bryce interrupted. “It’s fine. If it can’t wait, then it can’t wait. What do you need, Anali?”

“Doc’s tech takes time. If you want something built by the time we reach Halcyon, then you’ll have to choose between anti-scrying or teleportation dampening. He can’t do both.”

“Ithnaa, what do you think?”

“Anti-scrying. Mother is going to be able to push her way past any wards we put in place, but she does still need to know where we are to do that. I doubt anything we can do will stop her from finding us if we’re nearby, but it might slow her down.”

Bryce shrugged. “Well, you heard her. Anything else?”

“Yeah, how much are you paying us for this?”

“I wasn’t aware we were paying you.” She looked towards me and I nodded.

“We renegotiated her contract to end if she pays Sora and Samira twenty-five million credits each, but her crew refused to give up their share of the bounty. As a compromise, I offered to give her work instead of demands. I’m going to pay her whatever you decide is fair for this.”

“Did Sora and Samira agree to this?” Bryce asked and continued questioning Anali after I confirmed they had. “How much are you actually willing to do here? Are you going to help us ambush Mother, or just provide us with the tech?”

“Yeah, no, fuck that. I’ll give you the tech, but I’m not sticking around to die. Reach out to me if you somehow make it out of this alive, and I’ll do my best to hold up my end.”

“In that case, five-thousand seems more than fair.”

“Bullshit. It’s worth at least ten times that much.”

“Alright, how about this, then? I’ll do forty-five thousand if I can’t break through with a scrying spell, otherwise it’s five.” Bryce smirked at Anali, who didn’t even skip a beat.

“If you want to make it a bet, then let’s make it a bet. I’ll give you the tech for free if you can get past it, but if you can’t, then you owe me seventy.”

“I just wanted a quality assurance test, not a bet. But sure, if that's what you’re after, then let’s do it for real. If I can’t scry through your counter measures, then I’ll pay off the debt you owe to Ithnaa.”

Anali froze before reluctantly asking the obvious question. “And if you can?”

Bryce shrugged. “Then I’ll be added to Ithnaa’s contract. You’ll be forced to accept any job I offer, but I’ll pay you a fair price for each.”

The half-elf chewed on her lip for a moment before firming her resolve and holding out her hand shake. “Deal.”

Bryce stared at her before conjuring a magical contract and placing it in the offered hand. Anali rolled her eyes before signing it, causing the contract to disappear. “Pleasure doing business with you. Was there anything else you needed?”

“No, I think that’s it.”

“Well, have a good night, then.” Bryce continued towards the observation room, but I didn’t follow right away.

“You made a mistake,” I chastised, but Anali just smirked back at me.

“You don’t know Doc like I do. There’s no way Captain Virra will be able to break past his wards.”

“You misunderstand.” I gave her an exhausted sigh. “Tell me, how much do you owe Sora?”

“Twenty-five million,” she answered after just a moment of hesitation.

“And how much do you owe Samira?” I asked, and she answered the same. “Now, with that in mind, exactly how much do you owe me?”

She started to answer, but paused when I raised an eyebrow, and all the blood drained from her face as she realized her mistake. “Fucking hells.”

“Ithnaa, are you coming?” Bryce called from the stairs and I made certain to pat the poor mortal on her shoulder as I walked past.

# 25: The Bet

Samira

“Are you certain that’s wise?” Doc asked Ithnaa as he leaned over to hand me one of his spanners. I was working in the cramped space under the floor trying to attach some indecipherable magi-tech box to the shield modulator. To make matters worse, all of Doc’s fasteners had weird measurements, so none of my tools were the right size. Which meant I had to use his, and they had all been modified to fit his huge hands.

On top of all of that, we were now in the Halcyon system with less than twenty-four hours left until we were supposed to confront Mother and everybody was just pretending that this was normal.

“Bryce seems to think it will work,” Ithnaa argued. “Besides, she walked me through the plan, and even if the initial trap fails, we’ll be half a million kilometers away on the planet’s moon with a dozen other safety precautions in place.”

 “How many primordial beings has Captain Virra killed in the past?” Doc asked and continued when it was obvious that Ithnaa was hesitating. “It’s clear that the captain is powerful, and if she survives long enough to ascend, then I have no doubt she’ll become a force to be reckoned with. However, it’s my genuine belief that she's out of her depth here.”

“And what about you? How many have you killed?” I asked before tightening the last bolt and pushing myself out from underneath the reactor so that I could sit up. “Well, how many?”

“Four.”

I honestly hadn’t been expecting him to answer, and wasn’t entirely sure how to respond.

Thankfully, Ithnaa was better at talking than me. “If you’re such an expert, then why haven’t you offered to help?”

“I just assisted in installing a series of wards that will prevent Mother from scrying aboard the ship, and I offered to create a mana-fissioning device in exchange for releasing Anali from her contract, but your captain refused. I’m unsure as to what else I could offer you.”

“Bryce was worried that the bomb you had planned would destroy Mother’s soul, and she can’t risk that right now. Besides, we don’t have three months for you to put it together. This is the only chance we’ll have to get to her outside of a literal fortress. If we lose Mother now, then we’ll need a fleet just to knock on her front door.”

“Some might consider that reason enough to avoid confronting her entirely, don’t you think?” Doc tilted his head in a way that was obvious, even in his environmental suit. “I don’t offer advice frequently, so please understand the significance of it when I suggest that this operation is unwise.”

“Yeah, sure, whatever.” I pushed myself off the floor and stomped my way out of the engineering corridors before shouting back at him. “I’ll let you know when we start caring about the opinions of kidnappers.”

“Hey, Sami, all done?” Thea asked, and I spun around to see her standing in the middle of the cargo-bay.

“Yeah, it’s installed, but I need to talk to the captain. I’m kind of worried about the plan.”

“Sure, she’s upstairs. Let’s go watch her win a bet, then we’ll both talk to her about it, alright?”

“Alright, fine. What’s the bet, anyway? Is she going to win anything good?” I asked as I followed Thea up the stairs.

“No,” she scoffed. “It’s a nothing bet. If Bryce wins, then she gets to boss Anali around, like she already can, and if she loses, then she has to pay Ithnaa literally nothing.”

“What? Why even bother then?”

“I think Bryce gets off on being smarter than other people.”

“That’s… ew. Definitely didn’t need to know that.”

“Not like literally.” Thea stopped on the stairs to roll her eyes at me. “Outsmarting people makes her feel like she's in control, and Bryce kind of needs that in her life right now.”

“Well, yeah, that's what happens when you spend too long as an executive. That's like all they care about in corporations.”

“No, that’s not it.” She seemed conflicted for a moment before continuing with a weirdly serious expression. “When I first met Bryce, she had just been kidnapped by the only people she trusted, and even before that, she was being forced to either recreate the spell that ruined her life, or face execution. Basically, she spent the last three decades with almost no control over anything and then had any illusion of it ripped away in a single night. It’s a trauma thing, not an executive thing.”

“I, uh, didn’t realize. I’m sorry.”

“Don’t be sorry, Sami. You couldn’t have known. Besides, I’m only telling you now because I’m kind of worried about the upcoming fight, and it sounds like you might be, too.”

“Wait, seriously?” I crossed my arms as I glared back at her. “You told me it would be a piece of cake. Thea, you literally made me a cake to tell me that.”

“Yeah, I know. Look, we’ll talk about it later.” She made a point of looking back down the stairs, and I followed her line of sight to see Doc waiting patiently below us.

“I apologize for interrupting. Your djinn has already teleported away, and I was hoping to witness the outcome of Anali’s bet.”

“Sure, we were just on our way up.” Thea smiled at him and made like she was about to continue up the stairs before slowly turning back around. “Although, if you’re really interested in this bet, then we could always double down on it. I mean, your shield doohickey is probably pretty spectacular. It’s made to stop a djinn, right? Why should some random elf chick be able to get past it? Plus, how can one woman be that sexy, and still be super smart then, on top of all of that, be amazing at magic? There’s no way. I mean, that’d be completely ridiculous, right? Totally unfair for all of us normal people. Honestly, if I were you, I would bet against her just on principle.”

“Thea, it feels like you’re laying it on a bit thick here,” I whispered to her, but she just winked back at me.

“Did you have a particular wager in mind?”

“If Bryce wins her bet, then you have to make it up to Sami for stealing her.”

Unlawfully taken from Royal Road, this story should be reported if seen on Amazon.

“What? No!” I objected, but that just led to Thea stepping down to grab my waist and pull me into a side-long hug. “I don’t want to be involved. Please, just leave me out of this.”

“Come on, Sami. There must be something you want from him.”

I was about to refuse outright, but when I saw Doc standing there below us, I felt my heart start to race and just blurted out the first thing that came to mind. “Teach me magi-tech.”

“I’ve seen the modifications you’ve made to this ship, including to the magical components. You’re already quite capable as a mechanic.” The alien man didn’t even seem to react as he responded. He just kept standing there impassively. For some reason, that really pissed me off.

“I’m more than a capable mechanic, I’m a damn good one,” I shouted, then continued a bit more calmly. “And sure, I can fix the magic stuff, or modify it, and even improve it sometimes, but I don’t know how to make any of it. The enchantments are way beyond me. Hells, that little magic box you gave me to install was just that, a magic box. I have absolutely no idea how it works and wouldn’t have a clue where to even begin if I wanted to make something like it. So, teach me.”

“I refuse,” Doc said without hesitating, and for some reason, I felt my heart sink. “Captain Virra won’t be able to brute force her way past the wards, but that won’t matter. She has something planned to bypass them, which will lead to Anali losing the bet. Doubling down on something that’s already lost would be foolish.”

“Welp, sorry, Sami. I tried.” Thea gave me another side-long hug before turning back upstairs to leave. “We can ask Bryce later. I bet she knows some of the best techi-magic people to ever exist. She’ll definitely introduce you to someone way better than this guy.”

“Allow me to finish what I was saying,” Doc continued and Thea gave me another wink before spinning back around to face the man.

“Alright, go ahead. We’re listening.”

“I refuse to participate in the bet, because it would be foolish. However, I am willing to teach Samira in exchange for alleviating some of the debt Anali owes to her.”

“How much?” Thea asked, and I leaned over to whisper to her.

“The price doesn't matter. I was just going to give Sora my share, anyway.”

She grabbed my hand and squeezed to let me know I'd been heard. “Sami says she needs that money for something else. If you want to be paid to teach her, then you’ll need to accept iron coins and you can’t use them to pay Anali’s debt.” I was about to argue when she squeezed my hand again. So, I begrudgingly let it go.

“I assume that you mean the iron coins that are only minted in Hades?”

“Those are the ones! I take it you know them?” Thea beamed at him and he nodded.

“If I am allowed to authenticate them first, then I’ll accept five-thousand iron in exchange for instructing the girl while Anali is busy working jobs for Captain Virra.”

“Authenticate them? Seriously?” Thea started waving dramatically and I took a step away to make sure she didn't accidentally hit me. “Hi, devil here. I literally picked them up in Hades myself. They’re all real. Here look.” She put her right hand over her chest and I tried not to laugh as she continued. “I swear on my tiny black heart that the coins were hand-picked by devilish beauties from only the highest quality lich-owned and operated casino in all of Hades. Even stored in extra-dimensional space to preserve freshness. They’re super-duper real. I swear.”

“Be that as it may, I'm still going to insist on being allowed to authenticate the coins.”

“Sure, whatever.” Thea waved off the man as she started up the stairs. “Come on, Sami, let’s go. I don’t want to miss the fun part.”

“Thea, we’re going to talk about this later,” I half-whispered, while rushing after her.

“There’s nothing to talk about, Sami. If you told Bryce that you wanted to learn magi-tech, then she would have paid for it in a heartbeat. Probably with my money. I’m just cutting out the middle-elf.” She turned back towards me and started walking backwards as we crested the stairs. “For real, all you have to do is say ‘thank you, Thea. You’re my bestest friend ever and I promise to build you a bunch of really neat stuff,’ and we’ll call it even.”

“Fine. Thank you, Thea, you’re my ‘bestest friend ever’ and I promise to build you a bunch of really neat stuff,” I recited, much to her apparent enjoyment.

“Alright, now hop on one foot and rub your head while patting your belly.” She tried to demonstrate, and I had to reach out to catch her by the shirt before she fell over. Thankfully, Thea was ridiculously light, otherwise she would have just pulled me down on top of her.

“I have no idea what you two are doing, but if it were literally anybody else, then I would definitely call it a sex thing.” Sora’s voice brought me back to the room we were in, and made me realize that everyone was standing around, staring at us. Like literally, everyone. The captain, Sora, Ithnaa, all three of Thea’s siblings, Anali, the half-orc, the strange primate man and even Sanya. All of which were staring at me.

“Uh, right. Captain, the warding device has been installed and everything should be set whenever you’re ready.”

“Thank you, Samira,” the captain thanked me before turning towards the group. “Now, Ithnaa, would you mind teleporting me to the surface of the moon?”

“Wait, how will we know if the spell works if I’m not allowed to read the captain’s mind?” the primate man asked.

“Trust me, you’ll know,” the captain smirked. “But if you’re that worried about it, you can hold up a number of fingers and I’ll tell you how many. Shall we?”

“Of course, Captain Virra.” Ithnaa placed a hand on the captain’s shoulder and the two of them disappeared. We all just stood there for a few moments before the half-orc spoke up.

“So… how long do we wait?”

“It took her a few minutes last time. Sami, do you mind?” Thea asked. I quickly let go of her shirt and she cursed as she fell to the floor. “Just give Bryce a second. She does magic weirdly, which means it…” She trailed off as the room started to feel like it was filling with power. “Oh, never mind. There she is.”

“Fucking hells. Doc, how is she doing that?” Anali asked, and I turned to see the alien man reading through a data-pad.

“I’m uncertain. The spell appears to be originating from inside the wards. She’s bypassing their protection entirely. As best I can tell, it’s coming from you, Anali.”

“Wait, what?” The half-elf started panicking while patting herself down. “How is she doing that? Is this blood magic? She swore she wouldn’t use it!”

“It was Ithnaa who swore she wouldn’t use blood magic on you, not Bryce,” Aurora corrected with a shrug. “I warned you that I could only tell if she was lying, not if she was trying to get you on a technicality.”

The power flooding the room stopped all at once, and the captain reappeared with Ithnaa a few seconds later. “Ja’kal held up two fingers, but they were behind his back, so I’m not certain if they count. Nobody else seemed to bother.”

“Congratulations are in order, Captain Virra. You seemed to have won the bet,” Doc announced without looking up from the data-pad.

“Thank you, doctor, and thank you for installing the wards. They seem to be quite effective. I wasn’t able to break through them with conventional means. As per my agreement with Anali, I believe I owe you forty-five thousand credits.”

“Less than I would normally charge, but I’d say these circumstances are exceptional. So, an exception will be made.”

The half-orc stepped forward. “I’ll send you the account information. Just don’t forget to subtract twenty-five percent for Anali’s share. Feel free to divide that between Sora and Samira however you’d like.”

“I’ll do that,” the captain confirmed. “The four of you are free to leave, but don’t get too comfortable. We’ll be in contact as soon as we’re back on Paradise. I already have a number of jobs in mind for you.”

“You’re not going to make me stay to fight Mother?” Anali asked and the captain looked to Sora.

“No. We’re not making you stay, and Bryce isn’t going to offer to pay you, because she knows you wouldn’t be able to refuse if she did. However, if you’re interested in helping out, then I’ll knock two million off the debt you owe me. It’s not a payment, so you can’t split it with your crew, but it would be a big step towards releasing you from Ithnaa’s contract.”

“Yeah, no, fuck that. I’m leaving. Try not to make this whole thing pointless by getting yourselves killed.” Anali made for the exit while holding a single finger high into the air. Then the rest of her crew followed without the salute.

# 26: Suhali

Ithnaa

“Well, it was worth a shot,” Sora declared as we watched Anali and her crew leave. “Alright, captain, what’s the plan?”

“Right, we need to start by making contact with the local Lord. However, I don’t have time to do it myself, which means I need Leila to go with Ithnaa to the planet’s surface.”

“I can handle her myself. There’s no reason to waste resources by sending someone with me,” I argued, but Bryce shook her head.

“I’m sorry, but no. Suhali’s honest cooperation is vital here, and the only way we can guarantee that is if we have at least one of our devils with you.”

“And don’t forget why Mother is even coming here in the first place,” Leila interjected. “Suhali has already agreed to hand you over to her, and it’s going to be our job to convince her otherwise. If we fail, then it’ll mean a fight.”

“Which is exactly what I’m wanting to avoid at all costs,” Bryce continued. “Ideally, we have Mother trigger a trap and leave without ever knowing we were here.”

“But what happens when she finds us?” Samira asked.

“If she finds us, then we’ll be ready for her. While those two are away, I’ll be preparing dozens of different spells to turn our encampment on the moon into a veritable fortress. If we have to fight Mother, it will be on our own terms.”

“And if we can’t beat her?” Sora asked this time, and Bryce nodded.

“If it seems like we can’t win, then we run. One of the spells I’m planning on preparing is a teleportation circle leading back to the ship, which will be stationed in the Aether. I’ll arrange the spell so that any one of us can activate it. So, we’ll always have an exit.”

“Ithnaa, what do you think?” Thea asked, and I took a moment to consider before responding.

“It’s risky, but any fight with Mother is going to be, and I can’t imagine a more optimal set of circumstances. If we’re set on confronting her, then this is the time and place for it.”

“What’s the alternative?” Aurora pushed off the couch she had been leaning against to join the conversation. “If you decide not to confront her, then what happens next?”

“Then we go back on the run.” Bryce shrugged. “We keep moving, and we don’t stop. Possibly ever.”

“We can just go back to Paradise, or Hel, or even Hades. There are plenty of places we could hide out.”

“I’m sorry Thea, but I don’t want to spend the rest of my life in the hells dealing with demon politics, and Paradise isn’t much better.”

“You could always just go to the Union,” Sanya suggested. “The Syndicate basically doesn’t exist there, and Iefyr isn’t going to care that you’re a goddess unless your little group starts getting too big.”

“If we decide that confronting Mother is too dangerous, then we’ll decide what to do next. Fair?”

“But we will actually back off if it gets too dangerous, right?” Samira asked, and we all waited for Bryce to respond.

“How about this? If anyone feels like it’s getting too dangerous after Mother shows up, then they can call for a retreat.”

There was a series of nods in agreement, but of course, Sora was the one to actually speak up. “Well, I’m convinced. What do you want me to do?”

“Find a defensible location on the moon. Something with solid ground that I can carve enchantments into.”

“What about the rest of us?” Suriel asked.

“Samira and Sanya will stay on the ship, along with anyone who isn’t willing to fight. Everyone else, do what you need to do to be prepared. We aren’t looking for a fight here, but if it comes down to one, then I have every intention of winning. Any last questions?” Nobody responded, so Bryce nodded before continuing. “In that case, Ithnaa feel free to head out as soon as you’re ready, and Sora, I’ll be in the observation room gathering the materials I need. Please let me know when we’re about to land.” She turned to leave, and people started splitting off into groups to discuss preparations. 

Leila didn’t waste any time in approaching me. “Is there anything I need to know?”

“Suhali is a conniving coward. She won’t act without some information, but the less she knows, the better off we’ll be. She’s also much weaker than I am, but won’t hesitate to turn on us at the first opportunity if we try to threaten her into helping.”

“Right, sounds like every demon I’ve ever dealt with. Do you have a plan in mind?” 

“I have a token similar to the one Bryce used to win her bet hidden in Suhali’s estate. We can use that to teleport directly inside. We should be able to confront her in private from there.”

“Hold on, what token? I thought Bryce used blood magic to bypass the wards.”

I conjured one of my tokens and handed it to the devil to inspect. “It’s enchanted to act as a scrying focus. Bryce borrowed one from me and had Sora hide it on Anali before the wards were in place. As far as I’m aware, it’s still on her.”

Support the author by searching for the original publication of this novel.

“So, she didn’t use blood magic after all.” Leila seemed strangely relieved by that, but I dismissed it as her still being soft from her days as a celestial.

“No, she didn’t, and since the terms of the bet added her to my contract when she won, she no longer can. At least, not against Anali.”

“Was that an oversight?”

“As far as I’m aware, it was something she intended from the beginning.”

“I might have underestimated Bryce,” she muttered, and I couldn’t help but chuckle.

“From what I’ve heard, that’s not uncommon. Is there anything you need to gather before we leave?”

“No, I’m good to head out whenever you are.”

I placed a hand on her shoulder and teleported the two of us. We appeared moments later in a beautifully decorated guest suite half a meter above a silk-covered canopy bed.

“Sorry, she renovated since the last time I visited and it was either here or in the attic,” I apologized as we scrambled off the bed. Suhali’s renovation was surprisingly tasteful, and it even seemed liked she had gotten rid of most of the knock-off furniture. Not all of it, but most, and since this was just a guest room, cutting a few corners could be excused.

“Remind me to ask Suhali for her designer,” Leila muttered as she took in the gossamer silks and tapestries. “Could you imagine sleeping in a room like this every night?”

“No, I couldn’t, but it is only a guest room. We should hold off on punishing the designer until we at least see the master suite.”

“How magnanimous of you,” she said, dryly, but I waved her off as I picked up the silver bell on the bedside table.

“It’s nothing. I’ve been trying to be more humble recently.” I rang the bell before setting it gently back on the table, and turning towards the door to wait. “Sorry about this. Suhali still uses mortal servants, so we could be here awhile.”

“Aren’t you mortal?”

“No. I’m a djinn.” I tried to hide the revulsion in my voice, but I wasn’t particularly successful. I had done a lot of work to humble myself, but being called a mortal was just a step too far.

“But you’re from the mortal plane, right?”

“Technically, I was born here,” I admitted before explaining. “But my ancestors weren’t, and I don’t have a mortal’s lifespan. Hence, not a mortal.”

“I’ll take your word for it. I’m just saying that I haven’t seen many djinn in Elysia or the lower planes.”

“And how many djinn have you met?” I raised an eyebrow at her, but she just shrugged.

“Including you? One. But I don’t get to the mortal plane very often.”

I was about to point out how that probably didn’t make her the best judge of who was mortal and who wasn’t, when the door slowly creaked open to reveal a dark-haired young looking woman wearing harem garb. Her eyes went wide as she recognized me, and I teleported behind her to move her into the room before she could run.

“Marcel, congratulations on joining Suhali’s harem. I know how much you wanted that.”

“T-thank you, Lord Ithnaa. I apologize for my delay in answering your call, but I wasn’t expecting anybody to be in my mistress’s room. I-I thought it was a prank.”

Leila took a step towards her and spoke in an overly sweet tone. “That’s alright. Would you mind fetching your mistress for us? Quietly, please.” 

“Y-yes, ma’am. I can go get her.”

“Please, do. We’ll wait here for you, okay?” Leila smiled at the woman, and she rushed out of the room while avoiding eye contact. “She seems so young. Do djinn normally force children into their harems?”

“Do you truly think so little of us?” I asked, more than a little offended. Which was only made worse when the devil didn’t respond. “Members are recruited as adults. Adding a child would be vile, embarrassing, and worse, it would be boring. A djinn’s harem is more sacred than a dragon’s hoard. Only the most interesting or influential people are invited to join. Children are neither of those things.”

 “Then how do you explain Marcel?”

“She’s a changeling assassin. Her appearance is meant to disarm her target. She’s one of the best.”

“She is the best.” Suhali stepped into the room with her arms crossed, likely trying to hide the cheap blouse she was wearing. “Ithnaa, I was expecting to see you in chains at my feet, not standing free in my bedroom. What are you doing here?”

“We need to know where you’re planning on meeting Mother when she arrives,” Leila spoke up, which earned her a scowl from Suhali.

“Who are you, exactly?”

“Who she is doesn’t matter,” I interrupted before she could get distracted. “What does is that Mother is going to be here soon and the woman she’s coming to meet is dead. You’re going to be stuck playing hostess until she gets tired of waiting and takes out her annoyance at the nearest person. Namely you. So, unless you want her to claim your new assassin for herself, then you’re going to want to help us.”

Suhali shifted uncomfortably as she chewed on her bottom lip. So, I kept pressing her. “I wonder how long Marcel will last. Usually, I’d say only a few hours, but she is a changeling, and there are a lot of people Mother has a grudge against. She’s going to want at least a week with each of them.”

“And you think that you could stop her?”

“We can direct her anger somewhere else,” Leila chimed in. “There’s no guarantee that she won’t still lash out, but if we minimize her contact with the rest of your household, then maybe we can limit the backlash to just you.”

“It might be too late for that,” Suhali let out a resigned sigh, and I pushed back a wave of panic. “Mother arrived early yesterday morning. She’s downstairs right now, drinking all of my wine and thinking of new ways to punish you. A few of them are actually quite creative.”

“We need to tell Bryce.” Leila looked worried, and I nodded in agreement, but didn’t respond to her right away.

“We might have a way to deal with Mother permanently, but it would mean luring her into a trap. Which means we need a secluded location, and a reason for her to visit it.”

“No way. Even if you somehow found a way to kill her, you are not doing it in my home. I won’t be blamed for this.”

“The spell won’t kill Mother right away. It will prevent her from generating additional mana until she eventually dies from decay,” I explained. “There will be no way to trace it back to you.”

“You’re sure of this?” I nodded, and Suhali closed her eyes with a resigned look. “Alright, I’ll help. But none of this can lead back to me, understood?”

I bit my tongue at Suhali’s demand, and Leila responded before I had a chance to reprimand her. “We understand, and we’ll be in contact when we’ve had a chance to adjust our plans. Ithnaa, we should get back before Bryce has time to set up.”

“Agreed. Suhali, this is the only opportunity we’re going to get to remove Mother without her having a chance to retaliate. Don’t ruin it for us.” She seemed like she was about to object, but I teleported me and Leila back to the ship before she could.

# 27: Baiting The Trap

Thea

“Babe, you sure this is everything?” I pulled the pack up over my shoulder, letting Bryce leave the observation room first before I followed her out. “Once we get down there, Softie isn’t going to want to bring the ship back unless it’s an emergency.”

“I haven’t really had a chance to build up a real collection of components. So, yeah, this is it,” she called back over her shoulder, but then slowed to a stop as Ithnaa appeared a few meters in front of us with Leila. “That was worryingly fast. Were you able to meet with Suhali?”

“Yes, but you’re right to be concerned.” Ithnaa marched up to us with a scowl, and I took a step towards Bryce just in case. “Mother is already here. She arrived yesterday morning.”

“Shit. That’s probably not good,” I astutely pointed out. “This changes things, right? What’s the new plan?”

“Yeah, this changes things.” Bryce started chewing on her lower lip as she paused to think. It was adorable. “But maybe not as much as you think. Can we trust Suhali?”

“I’m honestly not sure,” Leila sorta answered. “On one hand, she clearly wants Mother dead, but at the same time, she’s not going to risk herself or her people to do it. Emphasis on her people. Ithnaa implied that Mother might take one of her ‘wards’ if she were unhappy when she left. That seemed to be more than enough motivation for now, but I got the general feeling that her mood could change depending on who’s threatening her.”

“So, we just have her trigger the trap and then make sure she leaves happy. Is that it?” I looked to Bryce for an answer, but she just shrugged.

“We could do that, or we could try making her angry enough that she doesn’t care about Suhali.”

Leila looked nearly as worried as I felt, but Ithnaa was the one who pointed out the obvious problem. “Bryce, when Mother gets angry, things get violent, and she’s never been very good at directing that violence at the ones who deserve it. Innocent people are going to die.”

“Which is why we direct her as far away from innocent people as possible. Can you take me to Suhali?”

“Yeah, no, fuck that. You’re not going anywhere without me.” I stepped forward to put myself between Bryce and Ithnaa. “This is getting way too dangerous. I was all for fighting Mother when we thought she was just a regular wimpy old djinn.” I ignored Ithnaa’s annoyed look as I continued. “Bryce, she ‘accidentally’ killed a god, and we both almost died talking to one. Making her more angry isn’t the plan. You said any of us could call it off, and I’m doing it now. Think of something else or we’re leaving.”

“Alright, veto accepted.” She lifted her hands in the air to placate me, and I narrowed my eyes at her. “Seriously, Thea, if you think it’s too dangerous, then I’ll figure out something else.”

I let out a breath and nodded slowly. “Good, and I’m sorry. I don’t want to seem super controlling, but babe, I got a bad feeling about this, and I don’t think it’s just me being paranoid. Sami said she’s worried, too.”

“Come here.” Bryce pulled me into a tight hug and buried her nose in my hair as she kissed the top of my head. “You’re not being paranoid. This situation is about as dangerous as it gets. We literally can not be too careful here and any input, or concern, is more than welcome. Besides, if Samira is worried about it, then you know it must be bad.”

I scoffed at her joke and looked up to give her a kiss. “You know, Sami is only worried all the time because we do stupid shit all the time.”

“Wait, is this one of those mythical moments where Thea self-reflects?” Bryce faked a gasp and I rolled my eyes as I playfully pushed her away.

“Oh, please. I’m so vain you couldn’t stop me from self-reflecting. Why do you think I want to install a mirror above the bed so badly?” I bounced my eyebrows at her, which must’ve been enough for Leila, because she finally interrupted us.

“And that’s way more than I ever wanted to know about my little sister’s love life. Bryce, if we’re not planning on pissing Mother off, then what’s the play here?”

“I need to talk to Suhali. Ithnaa, can you teleport me and Thea to her?”

“No. I can’t take two people at once, and one at a time would make escape complicated in an emergency.”

The author's tale has been misappropriated; report any instances of this story on Amazon.

I chuckled, but Bryce just ignored the hilarious phrasing. “In that case, return to Suhali’s estate and wait until you can bring her here without Mother noticing.”

“Sure, I can handle that much. Do you have somewhere you want me to take her?”

“The observation room. I’ll keep it clear for you.”

“I’ll see you in a few hours, then.” Ithnaa teleported away, and I turned back to Bryce with a coy smile.

“You know we can do a lot in a few hours.”

She chuckled, and I might have deflated a little. “Sorry, Thea, but I need to go talk to Sora.”

 



 

The door opened, and the two of us stepped through to see a pair of annoyed looking djinn. Ithnaa had sent a message a few minutes ago to let us know that they were on their way and we rushed over from Sora’s room to meet them.

“Captain Virra, right?” Suhali asked and Bryce nodded.

“That’s right, and you must be Lord Suhali. I wish that I could say it was a pleasure, but I’d rather not start our relationship off with a lie.”

The djinn chuckled while she sized up my girlfriend. “Paradise must be getting bold if you think you can make a move against Mother. Council of kings, was it? You don’t look like royalty to me.”

“Yeah, well, the title is temporary. It’s just a convenience while I handle a few problems. Speaking of which, I need to be sure you’re not going to betray us, and I want it in writing before we discuss the details.”

“Do you?” She laughed before shaking her head. “No. That’s not how I do business. Tell me your plan, and if I like it, then we’ll talk.”

Bryce shrugged. “Too bad, but I suppose we can always kill Mother some other time. Hey, maybe if you’re the one who tells her that her meeting was canceled, then she’ll go easy on you. Ithnaa, would you mind taking her back home?”

“Sure, but do you think we can stay in the system to watch? I bet we’ll be able to see the fireworks from up here.”

“Okay, wait.” Suhali took a step back to avoid getting teleported. “Let me see the contract. I’m not going to sign anything without reading it first.”

Bryce conjured a partially see-through scroll and pushed it over to her. “Read through it, sign it, and then we’ll talk.”

We all just stood around in silence for nearly five minutes while she read through the contract. It was seriously boring and took all of my self-discipline not to start fidgeting.

“Alright, fine. If you’re hiding something in here, then I can’t find it.” She placed her hand on the scroll and it disappeared in a puff of harmless flames. “So, what’s the plan?”

“I need four hours in a room on your estate by myself. Then tomorrow morning I need you to lead Mother there and send me a message when she’s alone. That’s all.”

“That’s all? Seriously? And how is that not going to lead back to me?”

“The spell I’m preparing is subtle, and Mother will be focused on other things when I cast it. I can’t promise that there’s no chance it will lead back to you, but I am doing everything I can to limit your exposure and I don’t believe you’ll be caught in the crossfire.”

“This is why you had me sign that contract?” Suhali raised an eyebrow. “The honesty clause cuts both ways, and you needed me to trust you with almost no information.”

“Need is a strong word, but it doesn’t hurt.” Bryce smiled at her. “I have a vested interest in you trusting me, and the best way to have that happen is for me to be completely honest. I crafted this plan with that in mind.”

“In that case, could you tell me exactly what you have planned for Mother?”

“I could, but the lack of information is a feature here. The deniability works in your favor. I believe it will increase your chances of survival if something goes wrong.”

Suhali was shifting uncomfortably, like she wanted to argue, but eventually she let out a resigned sigh. “Give me twenty minutes, then have Ithnaa teleport you to my room. Take a left down the hall and my library is the fourth door on your right. Mother has been spending most of the day there anyway, so it’s really just a matter of me getting her out of there while you set up tonight, then leaving her alone tomorrow. Which I’m more than happy to do.”

“Alright, we’ll be there in twenty minutes. Ithnaa, would you mind escorting her back?” They teleported away and I let out an annoyed huff. “Thea, what’s wrong?”

“I told you that I didn’t want you down there without me.”

“Ithnaa will be there. She’ll pull me out at the first sign of danger, and I’ll be careful. Concealment spell up the entire time. I promise.”

“Fine. But if you get killed, then I’ll never forgive you.”

She chuckled as if I wasn’t being completely serious. “How about this? If I die, then I’ll spend the rest of my life making it up to you. Deal?”

“This isn’t something to joke about. You’re going to be in the same house as one of the most dangerous people we’ve ever even heard of. If she finds you, then she’s not just going to kill you right away. Sora told me some of the stories. I don’t want any of that to happen to you.”

“I know, and I’m only joking because I’m nervous. This isn’t something that I’m taking lightly.”

“You better not be.” I glared at her for a second before handing her the pack I was still carrying. “Now, start casting stuff to make sure that I don’t have to start looking for a new girlfriend. I suck at dating, and I don’t want to have to start all over with someone else.”

“As you wish.” She smiled at me and started casting. Meanwhile, I sat in the corner watching her and worrying about tomorrow.

# 28: Mother

Bryce

I sat with my eyes closed and legs crossed on a comfortable pillow deep inside a cave on Halcyon’s moon. My mantle had done wonders for my ability to stay awake, but it only went so far. I was approaching three days without sleep and finally starting to feel tired. Of course, it didn’t help that we were now in the ‘hurry up and wait’ portion of the plan.

Setting up the spells yesterday in Suhali’s library went off without a hitch, and I spent the rest of the night preparing the cavern for the worst. There were more than two dozen separate concealment spells to ward against different types of divination, several spells to make teleporting in more difficult, and one of the strongest area shields I could manage. And those were just the defenses that I had time to put in place.

If Mother somehow managed to get past all of those, then she’d have four super-powered devils, an angry djinn, and a kitsune assassin with a grudge to deal with.

If fighting wasn’t an option, I also included a teleportation circle directed to return to the ship back in the Aether. Then, attached to that circle, were dozens of explosive runes designed to collapse the cavern if they activated. Not that I was expecting a cave-in to kill Mother, but I was hoping it would at least help cover our tracks if it came to a retreat.

“Bryce, you look exhausted.” I opened my eyes to see Sora standing over me.

“That’s because she is,” Thea replied from where she was lying with her head in my lap. “She hasn’t slept since before we rescued Ithnaa.”

“If you’re not at one-hundred percent, then we should just call this off,” Sora argued, and I dismissed them.

“There’s no need. My mantle makes it so I need less sleep to get by. I’m fine. I promise.”

“Thea?”

“She’s not lying, but that doesn’t mean she’s right.” Thea glared up at me and I stuck my tongue out at her. She returned the gesture before looking back up at Sora. “She’s probably okay, but I'm going to borrow some sedatives once this is all over.”

“You won’t need to drug me at that point. I’m going to sleep for a week straight.”

“Oh, I know. The sedatives are for me. Princess, I love you, but you snore. Like a lot. Super loudly.” I flicked her in the forehead and she let out an exaggerated gasp. “Betrayal! Softie, you saw that, right?”

“Yeah, I saw it and I’ll even testify on your behalf, but Bryce, I’m serious. If you’re not up for this, then we should call it off.”

I was about to respond when a message came in over my implants.

I bought you two hours of her alone. Any longer than that and she’s going to start asking questions that I can’t answer. So, work fast.

“I just got the signal from Suhali. If we want to call this off, then now is the last chance.” I looked up at Sora, and they shifted uncomfortably. “I’m telling you that I feel fine, and this is the best shot we’re going to have at Mother, but if you don’t think we’re ready, then just say the word and we’ll leave right now. No questions asked.”

“If you say you’re fine, then let’s do this, but I reserve the exclusive rights to say ‘I told you so’ if we all die.”

“Question!” Thea lifted her hand in the air and Sora nodded to her. “What if only some of us die? Can I be the one to tell her ‘I told you so’ then?”

They paused to think for a moment before nodding. “How about this? If you or one of your siblings die, then you can tell her, but if it’s me or Ithnaa, then I get to do it.”

I tuned them both out to focus on casting a scrying spell and a few moments later, the image of the library came into focus. A woman who was apparently Mother was sitting in a high-backed chair reading through an ancient-looking paper book. She looked younger than Ithnaa or Suhali, maybe near Sora’s age, but otherwise, the resemblance was uncanny.

She had no hair, and her skin was a few shades lighter than my own. Her clothes were less revealing than the other djinn we met, but felt much more expensive to my untrained eye.

“I see her. She’s alone. I’m about to send a message, so be prepared for anything,” I muttered, but my senses were caught in the scrying spell so I couldn’t hear if the people around me responded.

Hello, Mother. You don’t know me, but I intercepted a package you were set to receive later today. I know how much you were looking forward to punishing her, but I’d like to make a deal. Leave Ithnaa alone and don’t pursue her, then I’ll tell you where Sora is hiding.

Mother gently closed the book and sat it on her lap. I immediately activated the spell in the room. She didn’t seem to react to it, which was a good sign, but I had no way of knowing if it actually took hold.

Love this story? Find the genuine version on the author's preferred platform and support their work!

You’re right. I don’t know who you are, but it’s clear that you don’t know who I am either. That’s okay though, you’ll learn soon enough. You see, I don’t make deals, and I don’t do compromises. You’re going to tell me where Sora is, then I’m going to retrieve my wayward daughter. You two are going to kill each other slowly while I watch. Then I’ll bring you back and you’ll do it again.

The message ended, but Mother didn’t stop talking. Instead, she looked up towards the ceiling right at me as she continued. “So, tell me godling. Where is Sora?”

They’re on Seon’thiss. The dragon clans are hiding them in exchange for information about the Syndicate, but they’re moving them soon. You won’t be hearing from us again.

I ended the scrying spell and moved Thea off my lap so that I could stand up. “We need to leave. Now.”

“It might be a bit too late for that,” Aurora said as she pushed herself off the cave wall she had been leaning against. I spun around to see Mother standing near the teleportation circle.

“I’m not surprised that you were lying to me, but I am disappointed. I'll need to think of a new punishment for you.”

“Mother.”

“Sora.” All the anger drained from her face as she took them in. “My dear, I’m here to take you home.”

“I’m not leaving with you.” They set her with a glare as they dropped into a fighting stance. “In fact, you’re not leaving at all.”

“But I am leaving, and you’ll come with me willingly just as soon as you have no more reason to stay.” She outstretched an arm towards me, but Thea grabbed it and pulled down before a bolt of dark light fired into the floor. “Oh, little devil, that was a mistake.”

“The only mistake here is you, lady.” Thea dropped down to try to sweep her legs, but they just passed right through. “Uh, whoops. My bad?” Mother then kicked her across the room through the stone wall, and about a million things seemed to happen all at once. Suriel rushed towards the hole where Thea disappeared into, while Aurora and Leila charged forward. Ithnaa disappeared, and I started casting the same restraint spell that I had used against Rajak back on Drassun. Meanwhile, Sora just vanished.

Aurora reached Mother first, but she caught her first punch and broke her wrist before slamming her forehead into Aurora’s nose. Leila went for Mother’s waist, but passed right through her with a trail of dark mist following.

Ithnaa appeared behind Aurora and shoved her towards Suriel. “Thea is fine. Heal your sister! Sora, stay out of sight. She won’t be able to use her big spells if you might get caught in the crossfire.” She commanded before summoning a pair of scimitars to attack Mother. Her swords didn’t seem to fare much better than any of the other attacks, and once she realized that, she shouted towards me. “Bryce, you need to dispel whatever magic she’s using, otherwise we won’t be able to touch her.”

I nodded and immediately switched the spell I was casting. “Give me twenty seconds. Don’t engage until I finish.”

“You seriously think I would allow that?” Mother started walking towards me, but I continued to cast even as Ithnaa appeared behind me and we teleported to the other side of the room.

“A little help would be nice here, Thea,” she shouted, and dozens of illusionary versions of the two of us appeared around the room, all perfectly mimicking what we were doing. Ithnaa teleported me one last time, and when she did, all the clones moved to random locations. It got to the point where even I wasn’t sure where I was.

“This won’t stop me,” Mother announced before firing another beam of dark light through four of the illusions. Of course, they didn’t react, which just seemed to make her even more angry. So, she started firing hundreds of beams at once. One hit my shoulder and passed right through my shield, but none of the blood was visible. Thea apparently put an illusion overtop of me beforehand and I silently thanked her foresight.

I finished the spell after only being hit three more times and managed to stretch out a bloody hand towards Mother. All at once, every single spell she had active or magical item she was wearing just stopped working. “Go now! It won’t last!”

The illusions of myself dropped, and seven new ones of Thea appeared around Mother. Several restrained her while the rest started beating on her. Aurora and Leila joined in while Ithnaa conjured four additional arms wreathed in purple lightning, all wielding familiar scimitars. Meanwhile, I started casting the same spell again, preparing for when her magic returned.

“The creations of a dead god mean nothing to me,” Mother spat through clenched teeth. “Return to the pit where you belong.” A wave of dark power emanated from her and I felt all four contracts end as Thea and her siblings vanished. Mother started laughing, and I glanced over at Ithnaa, who had stopped in her tracks. “Now, godling, I believe I made you a promise.” She grinned at me as she continued in a calm and quiet voice that shook the cave we were standing in. “Daughter, I want you to kill her. Do it slowly.”

Ithnaa dismissed her additional arms before turning towards me with scared, apologetic eyes. I continued casting, even as she failed to fight the command and approached me.

“I’m sorry, Bryce,” she whispered before slowly stabbing one of her swords into my thigh. I clenched my teeth and fought to maintain concentration on the spell. Ithnaa lifted her sword to stab into my other thigh, but before she could, Sora appeared behind Mother with their dagger lodged in the base of her skull.

But it was both too early, and too late. I hadn’t finished casting my spell, and the effect preventing Mother from being harmed had already returned. She simply grabbed their wrist to remove the dagger, and smiled at them with false sympathy. “Sora, that was very unbecoming of you. You realize that now I’ll have to punish you as well.”

“Fuck you,” they spat, and I finished casting. I targeted Ithnaa with the spell, and the controlling effect ended.

“Get Sora out of here!” I commanded, and she nodded before tossing me one of her platinum tokens.

“Swallow it.” I did, and she appeared next to Sora before the two of them disappeared together.

“No!” Mother shouted, and the raw power in her voice was enough to cause cracks to appear along the walls of the cavern. “Why can’t I feel where they went? You! Tell me now!” She stomped up to me just in range for me to repeat Sora's last response. “Wrong answer!”

She punched forward, and I felt the impact on my chest, but none of the expected pain. Which left me confused until she withdrew her blood-soaked hand, holding my still-beating heart. It erupted into black flames and my vision faded as I collapsed into darkness.

# 29: Afterlives

Bryce

I pushed myself off the ground as my vision returned to me. I wasn’t out for very long, or rather it hadn’t felt like long, but everything around me had changed. The air was cool, but not uncomfortable, and the stars above me were more brilliant than any I had ever seen.

Actually, that wasn’t quite true. I had seen stars almost as beautiful on my way to meet Chorus in his temple. As my mind went back to that memory, I felt a sense of bitter-sweet resignation wash over me. I was in Elysia. I was dead.

I’m not sure how long I just stood there staring at the night’s sky, or when I started to feel the presence standing silently beside me, but eventually I was pulled from the daze by a quiet, compassionate voice.

“It’s beautiful, isn’t it?” I nodded and wiped the tears from my face as she continued speaking. “I’ve been here since the beginning. Nearly sixty-thousand years, and yet I still find myself getting lost in the vastness of it all.”

“Who are you?” I asked, without turning to see her.

“My name is Reiki. I’m a guide of sorts for those whose destination may not be entirely clear.”

“You’re here to take me to my afterlife.”

“Eventually, but first we need to determine which that is.”

“Do I have a choice?”

“You do.”

We stood there in silence for some unknown amount of time before I let out a shaky breath and finally turned towards her. Reiki was a raven-haired woman with near-transparent pale skin that seemed to glow from within. She had an ephemeral feel to her, as if she were just an echo of herself, and she was smiling sympathetically towards me. “Okay, what are my options?”

“You have quite a few, more than most even, but I'm afraid there isn't much in the way of good choices for you.”

“What do you mean?”

“Chorus and Kai both placed a claim on your soul personally, but I don’t believe their afterlives suit you very well. Then there’s another rather strange claim. One that I don’t fully understand, and was hoping you could help clarify for me. ”

“I could try, but I really don’t know how a lot of this works.” My mind was doing its best to try to process everything.

The claim Chorus put on me made a lot of sense, and I actually really appreciated it. I enjoyed the time I spent in his temple, and going to his afterlife could mean that Thea was able to visit me. Or at the very least, I could probably see Esme, Nes, and Taz again.

Kai’s claim was strange, though. At least, it was until I remembered Thea telling me that Kai tried to convince Inim to hand her over. That probably meant Kai was just using me to get to Thea. Or it was some not-so-elaborate prank. There was no real way for me to know what was going on in the goddess’s head, and thinking about it was just going to drive me mad.

“That’s entirely alright. There’s no expectation that you would know how any of this works. I was simply hoping that you would know how a devil of Inim managed to get a claim on your soul.” Reiki tilted her head as she looked up at me. “Normally, when that happens, it’s because of some sort of contract or agreement that’s binding, but if that were the case, we never would have met. Your soul would have been sent directly to the devil.”

I felt a sense of relief as I realized what had happened. “It must have been Thea. I had a contract with her when I was killed. She must have somehow managed to put a claim on me.”

Reiki frowned as she slowly shook her head. “While Thea has a surprisingly large influence on your self-identity considering the short time that you've been together, she doesn’t have a claim on your soul.”

“If not Thea, then who?”

“Her sister, Ashaiya.”

“Ashaiya? I met her once briefly, but I don’t know what from that exchange would make her think she could claim me.”

“Unfortunately, why she did it is less important than how. A devil shouldn’t be able to make a claim on a soul without a contract. I really hate to ask, and I know you must have countless other things on your mind right now, but do you have any insight into how she was able to do that?”

“If Inim were still alive, would he have a claim to me?” I asked, and Reiki seemed surprised by the question.

“A rather strong one, yes. You associated with a number of his children, and even dated one of his daughters. Although, if that were the case, I would have cautioned you against choosing his afterlife. You lack the demeanor that was typical of his followers, which would have made acclimating difficult.”

“When I met Ashaiya, she explained how she was using a relic to replicate the effects of Inim’s afterlife in order to avoid mana decay. I’m wondering if she has some method of intercepting souls to populate it.”

“That is concerning,” Reiki trailed off in thought before shaking her head to clear it. “But not something I should worry you with right now. We should focus on finding you the right afterlife.”

I nodded as I mentally pushed the issue with Ashaiya aside. It wasn’t my problem, and if there was ever a time to be selfish, this seemed like it should be it. “Okay, what are my options?”

“Well, there are the direct claims that I’ve mentioned. However, I don’t believe you’ll be a good fit for either of them, and I won’t allow you to choose Ashaiya.”

I raised an eyebrow at her. “Is that something you can do? Stop me from choosing an afterlife?” It’s not that I wanted to be trapped in a relic for the rest of eternity, I was just curious as to what role Reiki actually played in all of this.

“It’s a power that I rarely exercise, but yes, if I believe you’re making a critical mistake, then I can overrule your decision.”

“Good to know. So, if you don’t recommend Chorus or Kai, then what are my other options? Preferably, in order of how closely we match.”

Reiki smiled up at me. “Of course! Tess would be the closest match for you by far, but that comes with a few caveats. After that, in descending order, would be Iefyr, Zesh, Leena, Aenir, and technically Orrid, but I really wouldn’t recommend him. You two have similar personalities, and would probably eventually get along, but he’s still holding a grudge from the fight with Thea. So, I don’t think it would be wise to choose his afterlife.”

Help support creative writers by finding and reading their stories on the original site.

“That’s quite the spread. Why is Iefyr such a high choice for me? I’ve never really considered myself an anarchist. And who’s Zesh? I don’t recognize that name.”

“Zesh was recently elevated to the aspect of order, but she hasn’t been very active in the last century. So, I’m not surprised you haven’t heard of her. As for why I’d recommend Iefyr so highly,” Reiki chuckled as she explained. “You’re right about not being an anarchist, but a large part of her domain revolves around autonomy and personal freedom. Which is something that you value extremely highly. While that might seem somewhat counter to me suggesting Zesh, you also value rules and order so long as they aren't forced on you. It’s part of your obsession with contract magic.”

“I wouldn’t exactly call it an obsession.” She just smiled at me as I mulled over my options. Starting from the back, Orrid was an easy cut. It was a little insulting to call our personalities similar, and even if Reiki was right, I wouldn’t want to be in his afterlife while he was holding a grudge.

Aenir was an interesting choice, though. His domains were freedom and exploration, but I suspected the freedom part was why Reiki suggested him. Exploration was a cool idea, but I was usually more comfortable at home with a book.

Leena was the goddess of innovation, and normally credited with the creation of the beacon network that made aether travel possible. I would love to have a conversation with her, or maybe take her to dinner, but her afterlife didn’t really appeal to me that much.

Then there was Zesh. That one caught me somewhat by surprise, but the more I thought about it, the more it made a certain amount of sense. I enjoyed working within the rules and finding ways to get them to bend without breaking, but it felt like something of a stretch to say that was a defining part of my personality.

In that same vein, Iefyr was absurd to me. Her entire deal was no rules at all. Absolute freedom, even when it starts to infringe on the freedoms of others. Or so I thought. I remembered what Chorus once said about a god’s public image not necessarily reflecting their domain, and combined with Reiki suggesting her as my second highest match, it was probably worth reconsidering how I thought of Iefyr. But first I had a question that needed answering.

“I’ve always considered myself a follower of Tess, and you even said she was the closest match by far, so why even give me the option to choose? Sure, I was marked by a few gods directly, but like you said, their afterlives wouldn’t be a good fit for me. It seems like you could have just sent me to Tess and been done with it.”

“Normally, you’d be right. Being one of Tess’s followers kind of puts you on the fast track to her afterlife, and the only reason your case was even flagged for review was because you were marked by several gods personally. Even then, I would’ve dismissed the marks as being unsuitable because they were done without your consent and they were remarkably bad choices for you.”

“But you didn’t because of the Ashaiya situation?” I asked, and Reiki shifted uncomfortably.

“Sort of. That was definitely a part of it, but only a small part.” She let out a heavy sigh. “Tess’s afterlife differs from the others. Among those differences is that she doesn’t allow resurrections, even consenting ones. There are five people in your life that would be capable and willing to resurrect you if they were given a chance.”

“Which means it would make sense for me to go to another afterlife in order to have an opportunity to be resurrected.” I started mentally going over the list of afterlives again, but then paused when I realized what Reiki had said. “Wait, five people? Who are you talking about besides Suriel?”

“Suriel is the obvious choice,” Reiki agreed. “But there’s also Lenestia Nightshade, Aeisha Aoyama, Rose Bloodthistle, and… Mother.”

My heart caught in my throat as I realized the implications. “Oh, I see. Then I have a real decision to make.”

“You do.” She nodded with an apologetic look. “But for what it’s worth, you don’t have to make the choice right now. We’re in between timescapes here, which means almost no time has passed since you were killed.”

“It also means that nothing will change until I choose,” I pointed out, and she nodded again. “You said there were caveats to Tess’s afterlife. Caveats, plural. What are the other ones?”

“You can only stay for eight-hundred years before you’re forced to move on. You can’t speak to anybody outside her realm, and you’ll likely never actually meet Tess. She’s rather reclusive. There are other conditions as well, but they’re specific to what goes on in her afterlife. I don’t have access, so I don’t know all of them myself.”

“If I allow Mother to resurrect me, then she’s going to torture me to death, and bring me back to do it again until she gets bored playing with me.”

“At which point she’ll likely destroy your soul to hurt the people who care about you,” Reiki added. “As I said earlier, there really isn’t a good choice here. I’m sorry.”

As far as I was concerned, there wasn’t any choice at all. So, long as there was a chance to rescue me, then Thea would try. Which meant storming Mother’s compound and getting herself caught along with anyone else she took with her. The only option was to hope the spell worked, and let Mother wear herself out. Anything else was suicide.

“Don’t be sorry. This isn’t your fault, and you’ve done everything you can to help. I can’t tell you how much I appreciate it.” I let out a shaky chuckle. “Can I say goodbye to my girlfriend?”

“Anywhere that Thea has access to would be in a primary timescape, which would give Mother an opportunity to resurrect you. It would be extremely risky.”

“Could you arrange it for me?”

“I can.” She took a few steps towards me before explaining the plan. “I can take you to Chorus’s afterlife and have him summon Thea there. But, Bryce, you won’t have long. Mother is going to take your body directly back to her compound to interrogate you. If you’re not in Tess’s afterlife by that time, then there’s no guarantee that she won’t destroy your soul.”

“I understand. Please, I need to see her.”

“Alright. Take my hand.” I did as she asked, and we appeared in a room identical to the one where I met Chorus in his temple. Nobody was around at first, but the god appeared a few seconds later and rushed up to me to place his hands on my shoulders.

“Bryce, I’m so sorry. But for what it’s worth—”

“We don’t have time. Please, bring Thea here,” I interrupted him, and the god looked towards Reiki, who was still standing there before turning back to me.

“You didn’t choose my afterlife, did you?”

“No, she didn’t,” Reiki answered for me before continuing. “And she doesn’t have much time before I have to take her back. So, please, just do as she asked, and I’ll explain when she’s gone.”

Chorus nodded before stretching out a hand to create a summoning circle. A few moments later, and Thea was standing in the center of it in tears. I rushed over to envelop her in a hug before she even knew what was happening.

“Bryce!” She returned the embrace with what probably should have been bone crushing strength. “I was banished back to Hel and our contract broke. I don’t know if I can get back to the mortal plane by myself. Gods, Bryce, I thought you were going to die.”

I broke the embrace and looked her in the eyes. “I’m sorry, Thea, but I don’t have much time, so I need you to listen to me. I did die, and I can’t ever come back, but Ithnaa and Sora made it away. You need to get to them and keep them safe. Tell them that the spell might have still worked, and that if it did, then Mother is going to come for them with everything she has.”

“Bryce, it’s fine. We can just bring you back. Suriel can bring you back.”

“Thea, he can’t. I’m going to Tess’s afterlife to stop Mother from resurrecting me. I can’t come back from there.”

“No! I won’t let them take you!” She pulled me back into a hug and wrapped herself around me even tighter. “You can’t leave me. I won’t let you.”

“Bryce.” Reiki took a step forward, and I nodded to her.

“Thea, I can’t stay. I love you. I’ll always love you.”

“Please, don’t go.”

Reiki placed a hand on my shoulder, and I quickly grabbed Thea’s face in both of mine to kiss her as we disappeared, but she was gone before I could. I fell to my knees on black asphalt and broke down in tears.

“I’m sorry, Bryce, but this is where I have to leave you.” Her voice sounded distant, and I barely registered what she was saying. “Whenever you’re ready, just knock on the door and somebody will show you inside.”

I muttered some sort of acknowledgment, and then I was alone.

# 30: Regrouping

Ithnaa

I appeared with Sora in their room and immediately tried to teleport back to Bryce. My body flickered as the spell ran up against the wards she had in place, and I didn’t move. I tried one more time, but again, nothing happened.

Sora slammed their fist into the wall as they cursed. Then they did it again, and again, and again. Each time with unnatural speed, and each time leaving more and more blood behind. I rushed behind them and pulled them away from the wall. “It’s alright, my love. Thea was just banished, and Bryce has one of my tokens with her. I’ll rescue her as soon as I can. Everything is going to be fine.”

They fought against me for a moment before turning around and pulling me into their arms. “I choked. Mother should be dead right now, but I fucking choked… and I don’t understand why.”

“She raised you. Of course, you would hesitate to kill her. It’s a sign you still have a soul.”

They pushed themself away from me to glare. “You take that back.”

“Sorry. You’re a heartless killing machine who’s only good for murder and sex.”

“Much better. Thank you.” They pulled me close again and rested their head on my shoulder. “You’re sure about Bryce and Thea? They’re okay?”

“Thea is,” I confirmed, but hesitated before adding. “Bryce will be, but it won’t be easy for her. Mother already took her back to the compound, but I’m not going to try to retrieve her until after she’s resurrected.”

Sora pushed me away again. “Resurrected? She’s dead?”

“Mother killed her after I left, but we both know she won’t let her off that easily. She’s going to resurrect her, and when she does, I’m going to go get her myself.”

“You mean after I left.”

“This isn’t your fault, Sora. You aren’t responsible for how she reacts to not being allowed to hurt you.”

“You can’t seriously tell me that Bryce wouldn’t still be alive if she hadn’t met me.”

“Bryce is going to be fine. I’ll make sure of it.”

“You’re damn right she will be.” Sora crossed their arms and glared at me. “Because you’re going to take me to Mother. Right now.”

“No, I won’t. If you try to trade yourself for Bryce, then Mother is just going to kill her in front of you as a punishment. Let me handle this.”

“Get out.”

“Sora, please, just trust me.”

Their icy demeanor melted just the barest amount as they shook their head. “I’m serious, Ithnaa. Get out of here before I say or do something that I end up hating myself for later. We’ll talk, okay? Just give me some space.” I stepped forward and pulled them into a kiss, which they reciprocated before pushing me away. “Now, get out of here.”

“I’ll tell Samira what happened.”

“She was watching through my implants. She already knows.”

“Alright, come get me when you’re ready to talk.”

“I will.” They forced a smile up at me. “Don’t go far, okay?”

“I’ll be nearby.” I left them in their room and nearly tripped over Samira, who was sitting in the hallway just outside the door. “I’m sorry, sweetie. Are you okay?”

She looked up at me in disbelief. “Was that a joke?”

“No, it wasn’t, but it was kind of a silly question. I’m sorry.”

“It’s okay,” she answered, before going back to staring at the wall. I sat across from her so that I didn’t have to speak down to her. “Is what you said about the captain true? She’s dead?”

“She is, but only until Mother brings her back. Then I’m going to go get her myself.”

“She’s not going to let you leave if you do.”

“That’s possible, but I plan on being careful.”

“Yeah, that’s what the captain said.” Samira pushed herself off the ground and gestured for me to follow her. “Come on, Sanya had an idea she wants to talk to someone about, and you’re the closest thing we have to a captain right now.”

“Oh, right, the satyr. I completely forgot about her.” I teleported behind Samira and followed her the rest of the way to the living area where Sanya was impatiently waiting on a couch.

“Tell Ithnaa your idea,” Samira said before she fell backwards onto the couch.

“I want to summon Aurora.”

“Do you know how to do that?” I asked and the little satyr nodded, but she didn’t look confident. “Is there a but?”

“I don’t have enough mana.”

“That’s not a problem. If you make the circle, then I can provide the mana. What about Thea and the other two?”

“I don’t actually know them well enough to make a circle, but I bet Aurora could. There’s just one other issue.”

“What’s that?” I raised an eyebrow at her.

“I’m not going to help you get the other three back unless you promise to teleport me and Aurora to Akresh when I’m done.”

“And if Aurora doesn’t want to go with you?”

“Then you’ll just have to help convince her, but it doesn’t matter because she made a promise, and there’s no way she’ll back out on it.”

“Alright. If you agree to create summoning circles for Thea, and all of her siblings, then I promise to teleport you and Aurora to Akresh.”

“Nice try, but Thea has way too many siblings for that. I’ll agree to make summoning circles for four people, including Aurora. But only so long as I can get enough information about them to do it.”

“Deal. I’ll take you to Bryce’s experimentation room.”

The genuine version of this novel can be found on another site. Support the author by reading it there.

“Sounds like fun, but after that, we should probably get the circles written out. I want to get Aurora back as soon as possible.”

 



 

“Okay, but how was I supposed to know that’s what you meant? I’ve never been in here before,” Sanya continued to complain as she wrote out the circle. “And you have to admit that those two definitely have some freaky toys hidden around this ship somewhere.”

“Thea keeps them in her closet behind a false wall,” Sora said as the door to the observation room opened and they stepped inside. “Although they’re honestly pretty vanilla. Trust me, it’s not worth the risk of Bryce finding out just to sneak a peek.”

“How are you feeling?” I asked as they approached. Their response was to wrap their arms around my waist and pull me into a kiss. “That wasn’t poisoned, was it?”

“It wasn’t, but I wouldn’t tell you if it was.”

“I can’t wait for the day you get fed up with me. It’s going to be such a romantic death.”

“Did you tell her about the mage’s bane?” Samira asked from across the room.

“Mage’s bane?”

“We had some on hand in case I needed to kill you.”

“Okay, now that sounds more painful than romantic.”

“It was Bryce’s idea?” They asked it like it was a question and I arched an eyebrow. “I promise that when I kill you, it will be incredibly romantic. Candles, rose petals, the works. Besides, I already used the mage’s bane to kill an elemental lord for choking me a little too hard.”

“I’ll keep that in mind for next time.”

“You better.”

“Oh, gag.” Samira rolled her eyes. “Seriously, the way you two flirt isn’t normal.”

“I think it’s cute,” Sanya said from where she was sitting cross-legged watching us. “I love your love. It’s super romantic.”

“Did you finish the circle?” I asked, and she nodded.

“Yep! It should be good to go. Although, I’ve never actually tried to summon a devil before, so don’t blame me if it doesn’t work.”

“Why would you volunteer if you’ve never done this before?” Samira asked.

“I wanted to be helpful?”

“It’s fine.” I kissed Sora again before moving them aside and stepping forward. “If it doesn’t work, then I know a warlock who I mostly trust to handle this. What do you want me to do?”

Sanya stood up and stepped aside before pointing towards one edge of the circle. “Stand there, and just kind of like push mana into it. All the technical stuff should have already been taken care of, so you don’t have to worry too much.”

“Well, here goes nothing.” I did as she said, and was surprised by the amount of mana the circle pulled from me. It flared a few minutes later, and Leila was panting on the ground in the center of the room.

“Dear gods, what was that?”

“Oops?” Sanya took a step back as the ex-celestial stood on unsteady legs.

“Oops? You nearly turned me inside out with that summoning. What were you thinking?”

“That I knew how to make summoning circles?”

“Clearly you don’t.” Leila looked around the room as she took a moment to catch her breath. “Where are Bryce and Thea?”

“Bryce is dead. We’re waiting for Mother to resurrect her before I go get her.”

She shook her head. “Don’t wait. Suriel can handle the resurrection. There’s no reason to give Mother a chance to hurt her.”

“Alright, but I still can't go until Mother leaves the body alone. Otherwise, it'll be too risky.”

“Why did you ask about Thea?” Sora stepped forward with their arms crossed. “Wasn’t she with you?”

“No, she was summoned almost immediately after we were banished. I just assumed that it was a precaution Bryce built into her contract.”

“Is something like that possible?” I had never heard of anybody connecting a banishment clause to a contract, but I was far from an expert.

“No idea, but it seems like something she would have thought to do.”

“What about Aurora?” Sanya asked, and Leila gave her a confused look.

“What about her?”

“Where is she? The circle was supposed to summon her, not you.”

“She’s back at Lilith’s compound with Suriel. Please don’t tell me you were planning on summoning all of us this way.”

“Maybe…”

“I’ll contact my warlock friend,” I interjected. “He owes me several favors, and would be ecstatic if I used one of them on something as safe as this.”

“But what about our deal?”

“Let’s revise it. I promise to teleport you and Aurora to Akresh, but only if you promise to never make another summoning circle again.”

“Deal!” Sanya outstretched a hand, and I shook it before teleporting myself directly to Bash’s office. The eight foot tall ogre screamed like a child and pushed himself away from his desk as I appeared.

 



 

The spell finished, and a bright light filled the room, but nothing seemed to happen. Bash had made quick work of summoning Suriel and Aurora, but this was the third time in a row that he failed to bring Thea back.

“I’m sorry, Lord Ithnaa. I can’t seem to get a lock. Is there perhaps something that belonged to her? It could help the spell locate your missing devil.”

“What if you tried to summon Esme instead?” Sora asked, and I frowned at them.

“I’m not sure if she would qualify as belonging to Thea.”

“No, but she does have a soul stone that does.”

Bash nodded slowly. “That would certainly do it. Although, it’s likely overkill, and if this Esme isn’t expecting to be summoned, then it could get violent.”

“You could message her first,” Samira pointed out. “But be careful if you do. The last time the captain sent Esme a message, she almost killed her for it.”

“Right.” Bash nodded before turning back towards the rest of the ship. “Maybe an old sock or something? It really doesn’t have to be much.”

“Why are you testing the defenses of my realm, mortal?” The walls of the ship reverberated with the sound of a commanding voice.

“Chorus?” Suriel looked up towards the ceiling. “Why do you have Thea?”

“Suriel.” A fully nude incubus appeared in the room with us, and gods below, he was gorgeous. He was smiling warmly towards the devil standing next to his sisters.

“Hello, beautiful. You busy tonight?” Sora didn’t even hesitate to step up and run a hand down his bicep. Chorus delicately caught the hand and slid it to his lips.

He kissed it before looking up at them with a sly grin. “You know, I still have the scar from the time Kai used that line on me. It brings back fond memories.”

“Well, invite her along. She can join us.”

“Ha! I like you. Who do you follow, and why isn’t it me?”

“Chorus, why is Thea in your realm?” Leila’s question seemed to dump a bucket of cold water onto the god. He straightened up and turned towards her.

“I brought her there so that she could speak with her girlfriend.”

“No freaking way,” Aurora laughed. “How did Bryce end up in your afterlife? There are like a million better options for her.”

“I'll have you know that Bryce and I got rather close when she visited my temple in Hades. It wouldn’t have been unreasonable for her to choose my afterlife.”

“But she didn’t, did she?” Leila asked and Chorus shook his head after a moment of hesitation. “Then why was she there?”

“Reiki brought her there to say goodbye to Thea one last time before taking her to Tess’s afterlife.”

“Oh, that’s…” Aurora trailed off, and Leila finished the thought for her.

“A problem, but it’s not ours to solve. How is Thea handling it?”

“Not well. If you need her in the next couple of centuries, then, well, probably don’t.”

“Why does it matter which afterlife the captain chose?” Samira asked, and Aurora was the one to answer.

“Tess doesn’t allow resurrections from her afterlife. If Bryce is there, then we can’t bring her back.”

“What are we supposed to do, then?” Samira looked around the room and I stepped forward.

“Chorus, can you take me to Thea?”

“No.” Sora stepped to stand between me and the god. “Ithnaa, you have things to take care of here. Let me talk to Thea alone. Please.”

“I understand." I nodded before addressing the god. "Can you take Sora to see her?”

“I can, but taking a mortal to my afterlife can be problematic if they aren’t one of my followers. Any chance you’re looking to convert?”

“I’m fairly happy with where I am, thank you.” Sora gave him a sad smile. “Although, if you wanted to try to convince me, then I might be more open to it when my best friend isn’t hurting.”

“I'm sorry. That was insensitive of me. If you’re ready to go, then I can take you to her.” Chorus held out a hand, and when Sora took it, they both vanished.

# 31: Darkest Hours

Sora

We appeared in a room made of white marble bricks with pillars inter-spaced throughout. Small clumps of people were grouped together, enjoying each other’s company, and I completely tuned them out as I scanned the room. “I don’t see Thea. Where is she?”

“I gave her a room to herself. It’s right this way,” Chorus explained as he led me out of the room.

“Did you tell Esme what happened?” I asked as I followed him down a dimly lit hallway. “She was the one who helped Thea after her father died, and I guarantee she’ll want to be there for her now.”

“Yeah, he was the first one I called, and the only one to get Thea to leave her room. Even then, all she did was congratulate him with a hug, tell him I told you so, then close the door in his face.”

“Him?” It took me an embarrassingly long time to process what Chorus had said, but I smiled once it registered. “Oh, did he change his name or is he still going by Esme?”

“He’s planning on waiting until Thea can help him choose a new one, but he’s going by Es until then.”

“Oh, that’s a fun idea. Is he hot?” Chorus stopped in his tracks and turned to look at me.

“He’s my son. Of course he’s hot.”

“Sorry, stupid question.”

“Come on, they’re just down this way.” We took a right at the end of the hall to see a man reading from a data-pad while leaning against a door a few meters away. He was tall and toned, with pale skin and dark hair, wearing a tight black silk shirt that exposed surprisingly little of his chest. The only signs of his demonic heritage were elongated yellow pupils and a pair of short horns protruding from just below his hairline. Chorus was right. His son was hot.

“Es, any changes?”

“Nothing yet. She’s still attacking anyone who tries to go inside,” Es said without looking up from his data-pad, but then let out a sigh as he set it aside. “Thankfully, without Bryce’s mana, she’s not actually much of a threat.” He blinked as he finally noticed me. “Hey, oracle blood, right? I remember you.”

“That’s great. Vaguely predicting my own kidnapping is exactly the reputation I was going for.”

“Was it really that bad?” Es cringed.

“It definitely wasn’t good, but could’ve been so much worse. The part that really sucks is that since the whole thing ended up being my own damn fault, I’ve been banned from complaining about it.”

“Well, I was planning on waiting another half-hour before trying to talk to Thea again. I could use the distraction if you want a bitching session.”

“Maybe later? I’d like to at least try talking to Thea first.”

Es hesitated for a moment, but then nodded. “Alright, but please be careful. She doesn’t have Bryce’s mana anymore, but she’s still dangerous and extremely volatile. If she lets you talk to her, then you need to watch what you say. The wrong thing could get you killed here.”

“I’ll keep that in mind.”

He nodded again before stepping across the hall and lightly knocking on the door. “Thea, your kitsune friend is coming in to talk, is that alright?” There was no response, so he cracked the door open, and then gestured me inside. I slid in and was met with darkness.

“Hey, Sora,” Thea greeted me in a small voice. The poor girl sounded absolutely miserable.

“Hey, sweetie. Is there a light in here somewhere?”

“There was, but it broke,” her voice hitched and there was a bright flash of flame as she punched the ground. “The same way everything breaks.”

I started carefully walking over to where I saw the flames, but stopped after a few steps when I accidentally kicked something. “Thea, I don’t want to step on you. Can you show me where you are?”

She conjured a small candle-like flame, and I carefully navigated around the charred remains of furniture to sit down beside her against the wall. She extinguished the flame, and I didn’t say anything. Instead, I just leaned over until our shoulders touched and we sat in silence.

Eventually, Thea rested her head on me, and I put my arm around her. When the crying started, I wrapped my other arm around her in order to pull her closer. We stayed like that for well over an hour until Thea wiped my eyes with her sleeve before wiping her own.

“Did you see Esme outside?” she asked with a sniffle. “He’s hot, right?”

I let out a pained laugh as I finished wiping my eyes. “Yeah, he’s hot. Although, I think he’s wanting to go by Es now.”

“No, Sora! We can’t let him do that.” She buried her face in my shoulder before adding in a muffled voice. “That’s so boring.”

“If you want to change his mind, then you’ll have to go out and talk to him.”

She all but stopped breathing at my suggestion, and I just waited her out. “I don’t know if I can do it.”

“Es trusts you. I don’t think it’ll be that hard to convince him.”

“You know that’s not what I meant.” She lightly punched my shoulder, and I pretended to flinch. I waited in the dark with her for a few more minutes until she continued. “Bryce asked me to protect you and Sami, but I don’t know if I can do it.” She explained before going into a long-winded rant. “Sora, I couldn’t even protect the woman I loved while I was powered up with a solar system's worth of mana. How could you possibly trust me to protect your sister when I have nothing? I was useless then, and I’m even more useless now. You two are better off on your own. You should just leave me here.” She didn’t let go of me, and I pulled her in tighter.

“I’m not leaving you. Even if it means I have to make a deal with Chorus to bring Sami here.”

She half-laughed at that idea. “Sami would hate that.”

“Yes, she would. So, unless you want to doom her to living here for the rest of her life, then I guess you’ll have to come with me.”

The tale has been taken without authorization; if you see it on Amazon, report the incident.

“It's not like I could leave even if I wanted to.” She didn’t explain, so I nudged her to get her to continue, which she did reluctantly. “Without a pact I’d be dead in a couple of months from mana decay. I’m worse than useless. If you wanted me there, then you’d have to make yourself even weaker, and that’s just not worth it.”

“Is that it?” I asked, and Thea pushed herself away from me. I was pretty sure she was glaring at me, but it was still too dark for me to see. “Ithnaa can handle the pact. Thea, I’m not leaving without you.” She was about to argue again, but I cut her off. “Do you remember what you told me the night we met?”

She scoffed. “I was so high that I barely even remember picking up the ship the next day.”

“You were sober when you said it. Come on, give it some thought.”

She settled back onto my shoulder with a sigh. “I said not to worry, because I always protect my people.”

“That’s right, and that night I told Sami that I would so much rather be one of ‘your people’ that I’d have gone with you, even if the world wasn’t about to end.”

“Yeah?” she asked, and I nodded.

“Yeah.”

We sat there for a few more minutes before Thea shifted. “Okay. I think I’m ready to go.”

“Are you sure?” I asked, and she nodded this time.

“I’d hate myself if Sami got hurt and I wasn’t there to protect her. Besides there’s no way I can let Es get away with such a boring name. Seriously, what was he thinking?”

“Probably, that he has a super reliable little sister who cares about him and would step in if he was making a dumb decision?”

“Yeah, he’s really lucky, isn’t he?”

“He really is,” I agreed, and Thea laughed as she pushed off of me to stand up, but then she suddenly went silent.

“Sora, I… I’m going to try, I promise, but without Bryce…”

“I understand.” I pushed myself off the ground. “Just be there. That’s all I ask.”

“I can do that.”

“Actually, there is one other thing. I still can’t see.”

“Oh shit! I’m so sorry!” She summoned a fist-sized ball of fire that illuminated the room. Well, what was left of it. The board I had nearly tripped on coming in was all that was left of the bed. The rest was just a charred husk. Any other furniture was completely unidentifiable beyond just being differently sized piles of ash.

“Wow, you made pretty quick work of this room, didn’t you?”

She shrugged. “I mean, the bed lasted almost a week, but I have kinda just been sleeping on the floor since then.”

“You were only gone for a few hours before I got here.” I gave her a concerned look.

She looked back at me like I had grown an extra head. “Sora, we’re in Elysia. Time doesn’t work the same here. I’ve been in this room for like two weeks.”

“Oh, that’s…”

“Super confusing and mind melty for no obvious reason? Yeah, it’s weird.”

“I was going to say gross, but weird and mind melty? Sure, we’ll go with that.”

Thea blinked back at me before lifting an arm into the air and smelling herself. “Yeah, okay, I could probably use a shower.”

“Come on, let’s go talk to Es and see if he can’t get his dad to take us back to the ship.”

We didn’t have to go far. Es was still standing outside the door by himself, but he looked nervous. “Thea, how are you feeling?”

“Still pretty shitty, but I think I’m going to be alright.”

Es stepped up to pull her into a hug. “Don’t feel like you need to push yourself, okay? If you need more time, then take it.”

 “I will, I promise, but for now I just want to spend time around the people I care about.” Thea returned the hug before pushing Es away to glare at him. “Speaking of people I care about. Es? Seriously? That’s the best you could come up with?”

He actually managed to look bashful, which was absolutely adorable on him. “I was waiting until you were back so we could choose a real name together.”

“Aww, thanks!” Thea pulled him back into a hug, and I couldn’t help but smile at her. “Come on, let’s go get some drinks and do it now. I was thinking something that starts with like an ‘x’ or a ‘z’ and a bunch of apostrophes just thrown in at random.”

“That sounds great, Thea, but maybe we should get out of Elysia first. Kai is here, and it’s only a matter of time until dad runs out of ways to distract her. I’m really not ready to come out to her yet.”

“Sure, let’s go.” Thea grabbed his hand and started leading us down the hallway, but nearly ran headlong into a nine-tailed kitsune as she turned the corner.

Kai was absolutely stunning. She was wearing a red kimono with pink cherry blossoms falling over her left shoulder. Her black hair was tied back in a simple, yet elegant design, and her makeup was subtle in a way that only a master could achieve. She quickly scanned all three of us, but her gaze lingered on me, and before I knew it, she had teleported behind me to pull me into a bone-crushing, protective embrace.

“See? I knew you had one of my followers!” she shouted back down the hall as Chorus rounded the corner. “You know I don’t get very many of them, and this one is fun. They’re my favorite.”

That was really flattering, but probably not true, and I would’ve said as much if I were able to speak. Thankfully, Es came to my defense. “You’re killing them.”

“What? Esmer, why do you look so weird?”

“Because I prefer being a man. I’m going by Es now.”

“Oh, that’s neat. We should probably talk about that…” she trailed off, and Es let out a sigh as he held his head.

“We should, but first, you need to let go of Sora. You’re killing them.”

“Don't be silly, that’s not… Wait, you’re still alive?” She let go of me and spun me around to look me up and down. I was too busy trying to catch my breath to say anything. “What are you doing in Elysia? Was Chorus trying to recruit you? What's he offering you? Whatever it is, I’ll double it!”

“No, that’s not—”

“Dad offered to make them a paladin,” Es interrupted, and I was going to correct him, when Chorus just compounded the lie.

“It’s true. I didn’t know they were one of your followers, and I tried to convert them.”

Kai growled at Chorus before looking me dead in the eyes. “Fine. Double paladin. But you have to accept it right now.”

“I accept?” I said, thinking less about the offer and more about the annoyed goddess staring me in the face. “Wait, what does that even mean?”

“Isn’t it obvious?” Kai asked, but frowned when I shook my head. “Damn. I was hoping you’d be able to tell me. I’ll figure it out and let you know, ‘kay?”

“Um, okay.”

“Sweet.” Kai finally took a step back from me and seemed to calm down. “Let’s get you out of this gross place. Where do you want to go? I can take you anywhere.”

“Can you take us back to my ship?” I asked, and she frowned.

“I don’t know where that is.”

“My soul is attached to it. If you can follow that, then you should be able to find it.”

“Oh, sure, I can do that.” She didn’t even move, and all four of us were just standing in the engineering corridors near the nav-core with Sami frozen into stunned silence not even two meters away. “Anything else I can do for you, my super awesome double paladin?”

I almost declined, but then a thought occurred to me. “Um, there is maybe one thing. If it’s not too much trouble.” The goddess tilted her head at me, and I swallowed before continuing. “Thea needs a source of mana to exist on the mortal plane.”

“Wait, no way. I’m not accepting mana from her after what she did to Es.” Thea stepped forward, and Kai turned towards her, which caused her to take a step back. “I mean, I wouldn’t want to bother you?”

“If all Thea needs is a source of mana, then I can provide it,” Chorus interjected, but Kai shook her head.

“No, I’ll do it, but I don’t like contracts. So, if we’re going to do this, then we’ll do it my way.”

“Seriously, I don’t—”

“Thea,” Es stopped her from refusing as he grabbed her hand. “Just do me a favor and listen to her offer. Please? For me?”

Thea nodded reluctantly and turned back towards Kai. “Okay, I’m not agreeing to anything, but I’ll at least hear you out. What’s your offer?”

“Like I said, I don’t like contracts—way too many rules—but there’s actually an even easier way to make sure you’re getting the mana you need. All you have to do is become one of my celestials.”

# 32: Plots Of Revenge

Thea

“Is that even possible? I could be a celestial again?” I took a step back as what Kai just said actually hit me.

“Sure!” she answered before clarifying. “Well, sort of. It’s actually kind of complicated, and it wouldn’t be exactly the same, but it would undo nearly all the bad parts about being a devil. Like, take La’akea for example. You ate sandwiches with her when you visited, remember?” I nodded, because of course I remembered. “Well, she fell when her dad died, and I stepped in to stop her after she leveled an entire kingdom. Now, she’s just the cutest little angel.”

I had seen La’akea in her dragon form, and nothing about her was ‘little.’ But she had been super nice, even while I was technically trying to kill her.

“Um, excuse me.” Sami stepped forward from where she had basically been hiding a little way down the hall. “I know it’s none of my business, but if Thea were to become one of your celestials, then would she have to leave with you?” Her eyes went wide as I leapt at her, but she didn’t even fight the hug. In fact, she pulled me in tighter when I didn’t let go. “I’m sorry about the captain.”

“Yeah, me too, and you don’t have to worry. I’m not leaving you, no matter what.”

“Good.” Sami squeezed me even tighter, and I did the same to her.

“Nobody said you have to leave them,” Kai interrupted our moment, and I let Sami go in order to face her. “I’ll just have you guard my paladin or something. Besides, it’s not like any of my celestials listen to me, anyway. You can basically just do whatever the hell you want.”

“You saying that is probably why they don’t listen,” Chorus pointed out, much to Es’s amusement. Kai just ignored them both.

“Well? Do you want it or not?” she asked. “I don’t mind offering because you’re Es’s friend and my paladin asked for it, but I’m not going to beg you.”

“I appreciate the offer, but I think I’ll pass. Celestial life didn’t really suit me the first time around, and I doubt that’s changed.”

“Sure, fair enough.” Kai shrugged. “If you change your mind, then just tell my paladin or my ex, or my, uh, child?” She looked towards Es, who let out a heavy sigh.

“Son.”

“Right, my son.” She nodded like it was some great victory before turning back towards me. “Like it or not, you’re probably stuck with me for a while. At least for as long as you continue to stick around my people.”

“Maybe you could stick around your own people for a change,” Es commented, which earned him a glare from the goddess.

“Anyway. We’re going to go now so that we can have a family discussion about nobody telling me when my son trans-ed his gender. Paladin, I’ll hook you up to the system when I get back home, alright? You might feel a little tingly for a while.”

“I’ll make sure she doesn’t forget,” Es added before the three of them disappeared. Which left Sami, Softie, and me all awkwardly standing in the engineering hallway.

“Sora, why was Kai calling you a paladin?” Sami asked. “Also, why were there just two freaking gods standing in the middle of my corridors?”

“It’s kind of complicated.” Softie paused to think of a good way to explain things, and I used that as an opportunity to jump in.

“Es tricked Kai into thinking Chorus was going to make Softie a paladin, and Kai really doesn’t like to lose followers. So, she offered to make them a double paladin if they stayed.”

“What does that even mean?” Sami asked the obvious question, and I just shrugged.

“Don’t know. She didn’t know either, and it is Kai, so I’d give it equal odds that she either forgets about it entirely, or, like, accidentally blows us all up somehow.”

“Well, I’m glad you’re back, Thea. Let me know if Kai blows us up.” Sami turned to leave, but Softie stopped her before she could.

“Wait, I can’t feel any of Thea’s siblings on the ship. Did Ithnaa take them all to Akresh?”

“No, she took Aurora and Sanya right after you left with Chorus, like two days ago. Then yesterday, she took Leila and Suriel back to Paradise. We’re heading there to meet them now.”

Did you know this story is from Royal Road? Read the official version for free and support the author.

“Two days ago?” Softie asked, then looked towards me. “Is this more Elysian bullshit? I thought time moved faster there.”

“It's not faster, it’s just weird. Remember when I was trapped in Kai’s domain? That was like two days for me, and more than a week for you guys.”

“Great. Let’s try to avoid these sorts of trips in the future, okay?”

I laughed. “Softie, you’re a paladin now. Or you will be, if Kai actually remembers to make you one.”

“What exactly does that mean?” Sami asked, and I wasn’t exactly sure how to explain it.

“Okay, it’s like this, Clerics and priests are kind of like PR people. They gather followers to a goddess and make sure her afterlife keeps filling up. Paladins, on the other hand, are like weapons or tools or whatever. Anytime a problem pops up that the goddess doesn’t want to deal with herself, and she can’t send a celestial for whatever reason, she sends a paladin instead.”

“Which means I’m going to be at Kai’s beck and call?”

“Exactly,” I confirmed. “Dad’s paladins were in and out of his afterlife all the time. Real zealot types who loved dropping everything just for a two-minute face-to-face with the big guy.”

“But Sora isn’t like that,” Sami pointed out, and I hesitated.

“Kai isn’t like that either,” Softie added. “She herself just admitted that her celestials aren’t even expected to do what she says. Why would her paladins be any different?”

“That’s… fair. I guess it’s probably going to be different with Kai…” I trailed off, and Softie raised an eyebrow at me.

“You’re regretting not letting her turn you back into a celestial, aren’t you?”

“No!” I responded, maybe a little too forcefully, but then I continued in a more reasonable voice. “No, I’m seriously not. I didn’t fit in with my family super well, but I’m not as chaotic as everyone always seems to think that I am. I’m worried that if I joined Kai as one of her celestials, then it would change me. I’d lose the last bit of myself that connected me back to my family. It’s just not something that I want to risk.”

“I understand,” Sami said, and I felt a wave of relief wash over me.

“You do?”

“Sure, you’re kind of impulsive, but you’re also completely obsessed with keeping the ship clean, and I’ve never seen you more annoyed than when somebody messes with your ‘system’ in the kitchen.” Softie gave her a look, and she rolled her eyes before correcting herself. “Okay, I’ve never seen you more non-violently annoyed. Honestly, I don’t think you’d be a good fit for Kai at all. Maybe you should ask whoever the god of order is. He might accept you.”

I laughed. “Thanks, Sami, but I probably wouldn’t go that far, and the god of order is actually a goddess. Her name is Zesh.”

“Why haven’t we heard of her?” Softie asked.

“Don’t know. She’s been doing it for at least as long as I’ve been alive, although she did kind of drop off the grid after dad died. How old are you again?”

“Not that old,” Sami answered.

“Do you two have any idea how weird it is for me to be the oldest person in the room?” I asked, but they just looked at each other. “Nevermind. What’s the plan now? You said we were heading back to Paradise, right? Are we becoming pirates?”

“I don’t know exactly what Ithnaa is planning,” Sami admitted. “She still wants to go after Mother, but she didn’t explain how.”

“I just sent her a message—”

Ithnaa appeared nearby, cutting off whatever softie was about to say. “Sora, Thea, I’m glad you’re safe. Did Samira explain the situation?”

“As much as I could, but you didn’t exactly tell me everything.”

“That’s fair. I’d like to go after Mother, and it didn’t seem like much of a stretch to assume you three would like the same thing.”

“Oh, I’d be more than happy to kill her,” Softie said. “But we need to make sure it doesn’t end the same way as last time.”

“I was thinking the same thing,” Ithnaa agreed. “Bryce’s name still carries the same weight on Paradise. I’d like to leverage that, to build a fleet, and go after Mother. Her powers aren’t going to mean nearly as much with her compound exploding around her.”

“That may not be entirely necessary,” I cut in. “Bryce wasn’t able to tell me much, but she said that the spell might have worked. If it did, then we won’t actually have to do anything, and Mother will just die on her own.”

“And if it didn’t?” Softie asked.

“Um, if it didn’t, then she’s going to come after us with everything she has, and we’re probably going to have to run for the rest of our lives.”

Ithnaa paused to think for a moment, before shaking her head. “If that’s the case, then I’d like to go forward with my plan. If the spell worked, then we don’t have to worry about it, but if it didn’t, then we’re not dead in the water. Plus, there’s no way I’m ever going back to being a Syndicate lord. This seems like the next best thing for me.”

“That’s awfully honest of you.”

She nodded at my observation. “It is, but as sad as it may sound, I consider you one of my closest friends, and I care about Sora and Samira. I’m not about to pull any of you into something like this without telling you exactly why I’m doing it.”

“Well, I’m convinced.” Softie shrugged. “So, what’s the next step? After we get back to Paradise, I mean.”

“We’re going to approach the council, build a base of operations, and eventually assault Mother’s compound.”

“We’re going to build our own pirate fleet, then use it to avenge Bryce?” I grinned ear-to-ear. “That sounds like a plan I can get behind.”

“I thought you would approve.” Ithnaa chuckled. “Now, unless you three had other plans, I was hoping to spend the night getting way too drunk.”

“I’ll make the drinks,” Softie said as they made a bee-line for the exit.

# 33: Post Mortem Clarity

Bryce

I don’t know how long I sat there. It could have been hours, days, months, or even years. The entire time, the stars stayed stationary above me, an unchanging constant that brought me a sort of hypnotic comfort. The more that I thought about it, the more I came to realize that the effect must be intentional. Some sort of charm spell to help souls settle into their new routine after traumatic deaths.

I used that thought to pull myself out of the daze. Leaving Thea the way I did was by far the hardest thing I had ever done in my life. It felt like a part of my soul was left behind in her arms, and every time I thought of her, or how much I had no doubt hurt her, I felt myself being dragged back to the stars above me.

I forced myself to look away again. This was my afterlife, and as much as I wanted to spend it wallowing away in self-pity, I knew there were more productive things I should be doing. At least, I hoped that was the case. I couldn’t imagine spending the next eight-hundred years lying around doing nothing. Which was no doubt why Reiki had been so adamant about me not choosing Chorus’s afterlife. I was endlessly thankful to her for what she had done for me. Even if the end result was heartbreaking.

I shook my head to pull myself out of the depression spiral. I was in the domain of Tess, the goddess of magic. This was the time for me to explore, and learn, and master everything I hadn’t been able to in life.

Or I hoped that’s what it would be like, but when I looked around, all I saw was an endlessly empty parking lot that stretched into the distant void with a single four story tall concrete building in the center of it. It looked like a prison more than anything, with metal bars over the windows and no decorative features across the rectangular shape. It was an aggressively utilitarian design.

The only exception to the lack of decor was a single long word above the reinforced entrance. I couldn’t read it, which served to remind me that I no longer had my implants to translate for me, because I was dead.

I pushed back that particular wave of existential dread before slogging across the parking lot to approach the heavy metal door. Being close to it didn’t reveal any more detail than what I had already seen from a dozen meters away, so I decided to just knock.

A few seconds later and the door opened to reveal a pale-skinned, blonde human woman wearing some sort of military uniform. I didn’t recognize the design or insignias, but it reminded me of how a low-ranking officer might dress.

“Bryce, right?” she asked with a sad smile before stepping aside to let me pass. “Please, come in.”

I stepped inside and my heart skipped a beat as I took in the area around me. The building was much larger on the inside. We were standing on an elevated walkway, which allowed us to overlook a room with countless rows of shelves all lined with books as far as the eye could see.

“This is the library,” the blonde woman explained. “The sum total of all recorded knowledge can be found here, both fiction and non. My mistress is something of a hoarder.” She chuckled and I couldn’t help but smile at the joke.

“You’re a celestial, then?”

“Not quite. I’m actually a virtual assistant, although I fulfill many of the standard functions normally attributed to a celestial.” Her explanation pulled my attention from the scene of the library, causing me to appreciate her in a new light. “Most people call me Libby, but if that’s too informal for you, then just call me Librarian.”

“You seem incredibly lifelike for a virtual assistant.”

“I’ll take that as a compliment, thank you.” She beamed with what seemed like pride, which only served to make her seem even more alive. “My mistress created me as an alternative to celestials and offered similar programs to the other gods. Most declined it though. Many view the creation of celestials as something of a badge of honor, I think. There are a number of papers on the topic. I can take you to them if you’re interested.”

“That does sound interesting, but Reiki mentioned there were caveats to choosing this afterlife that even she didn’t know. I was hoping we could go over those first.”

Libby’s eyes went wide, and she nodded. “Oh, of course. I’m sorry, we’re getting ahead of ourselves. There aren’t many rules, but the few that do exist are very important. First, some of the information here can be quite dangerous, so to prevent its spread, you won’t be allowed to contact anybody outside these walls. That means no seances, resurrections, planar shifts, or summonings of any kind.”

Unauthorized tale usage: if you spot this story on Amazon, report the violation.

I nodded at the explanations, but then realized the implication of what she had just said. “No summonings or planar shifts? Does that mean that I can use my other magic here?”

I hadn’t realized it before, but I still had full access to my mana. Which made a certain degree of sense, when you considered how closely tied the core and soul were, but still it wasn’t something I was expecting.

“That’s actually rule number two. Unlike other afterlives, you can cast magic here, but we ask that you keep anything destructive or experimental to the basement arenas,” she explained before turning deathly serious. “And absolutely no soul magic. There are books and grimoires on the topic available, and you’re more than welcome to study them, but no casting anything related to mana or the soul. If you even try it, then you’ll be forced to pass on without a chance to appeal.”

“I understand. Was there anything else?”

“One more thing. In order to prevent a stirring event, souls are limited to eight-hundred years here. After that, you’ll need to pass on.”

I frowned at the ominous warning. “What’s a stirring event?”

“Trust me, it’s not good. If you want to know all the details about the last one, then I’d suggest reading volume nine of the Nemesis crisis. Particularly the last eight chapters or so, but starting from the beginning would give you more context.”

“I’ll definitely add that to the list. This is all a bit overwhelming to be honest.”

Libby laughed. “Yeah, it is for most people. If you think it would help, a number of denizens have documented recommended research tracts. The shortest you could probably get through in an afternoon, and the longest, is about five hundred years of material, assuming, of course, you don’t get too distracted along the way. There are also lecture halls on the second floor if you’re looking for inspiration, or debates on the third if you’re motivated by competition. Please, just try to keep the discourse civil. I don’t want to have to break up another fistfight.”

“Now that you mention it, I thought I saw four floors from the outside,” I pointed out before laughing at the absurdity of it. “Although it’s definitely a lot larger on the inside, so that probably doesn’t mean anything.”

“Oh, no, you’re absolutely right. There are four floors, well, and a basement, but the fourth is actually a cafe. Nobody here needs to eat or drink, but my mistress is obsessed with coffee, and plenty of people like to read with a glass of wine or a cup of tea. It’s common enough that there’s a whole floor dedicated to it. Personally, I recommend the chocolate brownie cookies. They are to die for.” She cringed at her own joke. “Sorry, too soon?”

I chuckled. “No, that’s alright. I’ll have to try them later.” Honestly, the idea of curling up with a novel and a glass of wine sounded heavenly, but there was one thing I wanted to do first. “If there's nothing else, then could you show me any books you have on the meta-physical anatomy of a djinn progenitor?”

“Now, that’s an interesting topic.” She smiled up at me before turning on her heels and walking towards the library floor. “Please, follow me. I’ll take you to that section.”

 



 

My spell worked. Or rather, it could have worked. Mother’s anatomy was different from what I observed in Ithnaa, but not by much. When I factored in my firsthand experience of her magic resistance, it felt reasonable to assume that the spell took hold, but that didn’t necessarily mean that it was going to do what I expected. I was going to need to do more research.

“Libby,” I called out, and the virtual assistant appeared near the table I was studying at.

“Hello, Bryce. Did you find what you were looking for?”

“I did, or most of it at least.” My wrist was starting to ache after reading through paper books for hours on end, so I massaged it as I explained. “I need information on meridian systems. Ideally, focusing on blocks or flow interruptions stemming from the core and known adaptations to overcome them.”

“Absolutely, however I am obligated to remind you that experimenting with spells that affect the flow of mana isn’t allowed.”

“Thanks for the warning, but I’m not actually planning on casting anything. The research is just something of a retrospective at this point.” I stood up from the table and a chill ran down my spine, which served as a reminder of how cold it was in the library. “Would it be possible for me to get a sweater or a blanket?”

“Um, yes? Are you feeling uncomfortable?” Libby sounded concerned, but I just waved her off.

“It’s nothing, really. I just run a little cold.”

“Okay, I’ll look into it. In the meantime, you can borrow this.” She produced the ugliest sweater I had ever seen. It had alternating red and green stripes with little books patterned across it. I couldn’t help but laugh as I saw it.

“Thank you. I love it.” I took the sweater and pulled it over my head. It didn’t help much with the cold, but it was amazingly comfortable.

“No problem! Just don’t spill anything on it, please. Otherwise, we’ll both be in for it.”

I froze at that. “Wait, whose sweater is this?”

“I borrowed it from my mistress’s closet.” She tilted her head as she answered, and I pushed back a wave of panic that was threatening to take over me.

“Is Tess going to be okay with that?”

“No. She’s not.” The annoyed voice of a woman came from behind me, and I slowly turned to see an angry goddess glaring at the two of us.

# 34: Paladin Problems

Sora

My eyes shot open, and I pushed the djinn off me as I rushed to the bathroom. I tripped over something going through the door, but thankfully, landed on my knees in front of the toilet. Ithnaa teleported behind me just in time to pull my hair out of the way as I started emptying my stomach.

“Oh, fuck me.” I panted in between dry heaves. “I don’t remember feeling like this before we went to bed.”

“You’re definitely not drunk. This is mana sickness,” Ithnaa explained.

I looked up at her, and was about to ask how that was possible, when I noticed a particular goddess standing in the doorway with a guilty expression. “Right. Hello, Kai. I take it that this is your doing?”

“Sorry, I kind of forgot that not everyone can handle that much mana. I can turn it down if you want.”

“No, it’s fine. Just give me a second.” I still felt like complete garbage, but Thea had complained about mana sickness enough times that I knew how to handle it, at least temporarily. I activated my invisibility spell, which normally used a significant portion of my reserves, but I still felt like shit. Summoning my daggers didn’t help, and even a few of my other illusions didn’t seem to touch the mana flowing through me.

I ended the invisibility spell before looking up at Kai and shaking my head. “I literally can’t spend mana fast enough.”

“What?” The goddess gave me a confused look before shaking her head. “You didn’t even try any of your new spells. Come on, you got this!”

“New spells? What are you talking about?” Normally, I would have liked to be at least a little more respectful to the goddess I followed, but the mana sickness was making it hard to focus.

“Oh, right, I haven’t told you about those yet…” she admitted while looking around the space. “This isn’t exactly the best place to test out new stuff. Let’s go somewhere else.” The next thing I knew, all three of us were standing in the middle of a nearly empty temple. The only furniture in the large stone room was a marble altar on top of a dais, and the only decor, a purple cloth draped over it with a golden spiderweb design.

“Where are we?” Ithnaa asked as she conjured a pair of silk robes and handed me one, which I quickly put on. “Wait, is this Zesh’s temple? Should we be here?”

It took me a moment to recognize the goddess of order’s name, and I might have panicked just the barest amount once I did. Gods didn’t tend to have rivalries, but this definitely felt like we were intruding.

“Don’t worry about it. She's cool.” Kai waved off Ithnaa’s concern, and I was almost relieved until she kept speaking. “Although you’re going to want to learn your new spells fast before she sends her own paladin to fight you.”

“Excuse me?”

“Okay, so, new spells, right?” She completely ignored me, instead launching into an explanation. “Every paladin gets smite, plus a few abilities specific to their goddess. Because you’re mine, you get… uh, I have no idea. It’s different for all of my paladins, and because you’re a double paladin, you probably get twice as many?” She said it like it was a question, and Ithnaa went from looking annoyed at her, to looking concerned for me.

“Sora, are you sure about this? You can disavow her at any time.”

“Oh, right, your vow!” Kai interrupted before I could respond. “Most paladins need to say an oath before they get any powers, but obviously you didn’t do that, and you still got a ton of power. So, what gives, right? Well, I’m glad you asked! I just used your promise not to join Chorus’s followers as your oath. Don’t do that and we’re all good.”

“Does that mean I can follow other gods that aren’t Chorus?” Kai froze, and I laughed. “Don’t worry, I was just curious. I’m not going anywhere.”

She visibly relaxed. “Whew, good. Okay, let’s start with smite and then—”

“Zesh’Kai Fluffytail, just what do you think you’re doing?” I flinched as a voice shouted the goddess’s name and two people appeared near the altar. The first, and loudest, was a dark elven woman with nearly pitch black skin and long white hair wearing a beautiful purple and gold gown. The second was a man in heavy plate armor. Like honest-to-the-gods, knight’s armor.

“Hey, Zeshie! You look cute, love the dress. Is it new?” Kai waved at the dark elf with the widest, stupidest grin on her face, but that grin faded as she took in the armored man. “Wait, did you seriously bring Talis? Isn’t that a bit much for Sora? I mean, they’re brand new to being a paladin.”

“Kai, what’s going on?” Zesh stomped up to the goddess and pointed an accusing finger at her. “I haven’t seen you in days and then you just show up in one of my temples with a brand new paladin? Where have you been?”

“Mistress, maybe this is something best discussed in private.” Talis, the apparent paladin of Zesh, glanced towards me and Ithnaa. I couldn’t see his face through the helmet, but he didn’t seem impressed.

“Okay, we can talk about this.” Kai stepped towards Zesh and took both of her hands. “But while we do, do you think maybe you could leave Talis behind to teach Sora? Like I said, they’re super new and really need someone to go over the basics with them. Plus, all of my other paladins are busy.”

“Are they busy, or just ignoring you?” Zesh asked, and Kai shrugged.

“Tomato, potato. Either way, they can’t help right now. Which means I either need to teach them myself, or…”

“Or use one of my paladins to do it for you.”

“Exactly! I knew you’d understand.”

“I don’t understand anything you do. Why didn’t you just ask?”

“But I just did? Didn’t I?”

Zesh shook her head with a sigh. “We’ll talk about it, okay?” Kai nodded, so the order goddess turned back towards Talis. “Would you mind? This isn’t a command. You can refuse if it makes you uncomfortable.”

“I don’t mind, mistress. After all, training the next generation is the responsibility of us all.” He straightened up while letting off an obnoxiously smug aura. I nearly puked, and not just because of the mana sickness.

“Thank you, Talis. We'll be back soon,” Zesh said before disappearing with Kai. The paladin didn’t waste any time before turning towards us. I could feel him judging me through the damn helmet.

“Let me guess, Kai loaded you up with more mana than you can handle, and now you feel like death?”

This book's true home is on another platform. Check it out there for the real experience.

“Yeah, that about sums it up.” I tried to imitate his posture, but didn’t even get close. He definitely noticed.

“Alright, attack me and put as much mana into it as you can.”

“Are you sure?” Ithnaa asked with a raised eyebrow. “They’re more dangerous than they look.”

“I doubt they’ll be able to hurt me in this state.” Talis looked down on me, literally, and I nodded as I pushed through the dizziness to drop into a fighting stance. “Come on. I won’t fight back. Just hit me.”

If you kill him without damaging his soul, then he’ll just show up in Zesh’s afterlife and she’ll bring him back within minutes.

I grinned as Ithnaa’s message came in over my implants and mentally changed tactics. I activated my invisibility spell, then I darted forward, low and to the right. The first dagger was conjured behind his knee, the second in his kidney, and finally a pair of them into his skull from underneath his helmet. He fell forward into a pool of his own blood. I released the invisibility spell and started collecting the daggers.

“You think the armor is worth anything?” Ithnaa asked, and I shrugged.

“Probably, but I think he’s going to want it back.”

“Serves him right for underestimating you.”

I was about to propose a compromise when a very angry Zesh appeared next to a laughing Kai. “What happened?” the angry one asked.

“He told a highly trained assassin to attack him, then made it a challenge,” Ithnaa explained. “This was the predictable result.”

“Oh, for fuck’s sake.” Zesh stomped over to her fallen paladin. Meanwhile, Kai actually managed to stop laughing long enough to give her a surprised look.

“Z, did you just curse? I’m starting to think I’m a bad influence on you.”

“You’re a terrible influence on me, but that’s nothing new.” She knelt down near Talis, and he let out a groan as he rolled himself over. “Are you alright?”

“I’m fine, thank you, mistress.” He rubbed at his helmet until he found the hole at the base of it. “Although, I think I may owe Bri’mer for a repair job, and it’s not going to be cheap.”

“Eh, I’ll cover it.” Kai waved off his concern. “Although he’s still kind of pissed about the last job I tried hiring him for, so you’ll have to cover the costs up front. If he knows I’m the one paying, then he’ll charge you double.”

Talis dropped his head back with a defeated sigh. “I’ll accept your offer, but I won’t lie for you. If he charges double, then it will cost double.”

“Whatever, fine.” Kai rolled her eyes before turning towards me. “How are you feeling, Sora? You still look like shit.”

“I still feel like shit. Honestly, I spent more mana in the bathroom before coming here.”

“That's certainly the strangest way I’ve ever been insulted.” Talis pushed himself off the ground and started stretching.

“Wait, you’re not seriously planning on fighting them for real, are you?” Kai asked. “They still have mana sickness.”

“Don’t worry about me.” I waved her off before summoning a pair of daggers. “I’ve killed better with worse hangovers.”

“Absolutely not.” Zesh stepped in between us to glare at Talis. “Resurrecting my paladin once today was more than enough.”

“Mistress, if you still wish for me to teach them, then sparring will be a part of it.”

“Fine, but no killing, understand?” She was looking at me now, and I reluctantly nodded.

“I’ll try, but I’m not great with half-measures.”

“You needn’t worry,” he responded before Zesh could complain. “This time I’ll do more than just stand there and let you stab me.”

“Are you sure?” I asked, and he nodded.

“Wait!” Kai interrupted. “If you’re seriously planning on doing this, then lose the armor.”

I chuckled as I realized what Kai’s actual concern was, but Talis didn’t seem to get it. “If you’d like your paladin to have a handicap, then I don’t mind, but I’m not certain that’s necessary.”

“Handicap? No, I just don’t want to pay for your armor after Sora shreds it. It’s going to be expensive enough as it is.”

“Right, we’ll stick to our fists then.” He carefully removed his armor, starting with the helmet.

“Dammit,” Ithnaa cursed under her breath. “He’s hot.”

I mentally agreed with her. Talis was a dark elf with deep purple skin, silver hair, and eyes that glowed with a faint crimson light. He was gorgeous, and the light leather armor he had on under his plate only accentuated his lithe body. It was nearly enough to make me forget that I still felt like death.

“Are we supposed to, like, tip him, or something?” Kai asked, and Zesh glared at her. “What? Watching him take all that off for free just feels wrong.”

“We’re going to go visit Bri’mer while Kai finishes explaining where she’s been the last few days.” Zesh waved a hand towards the armor lying on the ground, causing it to disappear. “Please, try to refrain from killing each other.”

 



 

It came as no surprise that I didn’t stand much of a chance against Talis in a fistfight, but I did manage to take a few rounds off him. He also taught me to use the smite spell that Kai had mentioned, but it didn’t do much to overcome the mana sickness. The problem was that it could only be used against living creatures, and I had to actively restrain the amount of mana I put into it otherwise I’d kill Talis again.

Apparently, being the paladin of a goddess that was as powerful as Kai had its benefits. Well, that or whatever she did to make me a ‘double paladin’ was pushing me past what was normal, because Ithnaa estimated that I had at least as much mana available to me as Talis, and he was Zesh’s first paladin. First in rank, not age. Something that he tried to make very clear. Personally, I felt he was a little too insistent on that point.

We ended the sparring session after a few hours, and by that point, the only residual effect of the sickness was a mild headache. I didn’t think I had spent enough mana to overcome it, which hopefully meant my body was acclimating.

“You know, I could seriously watch the two of you fight all day long,” Ithnaa remarked as she approached with a pair of water bottles that she had conjured. “Although, I think it’s a little unfair that you’re still wearing leather armor while they only have a robe.”

Talis thanked her for the water, which he nearly emptied before explaining. “With Sora’s preferred method of fighting, we can assume a direct hit would be lethal, regardless of what I’m wearing. With that in mind, any armor would only serve to limit my movement. Even what little I’m in now is more of a liability than anything.”

“Oh, sure, I realized that the first time they killed you. I’m saying that it’s unfair to me.” Ithnaa grinned, and I chuckled, but Talis seemed confused. That is, until he started blushing, which only served to encourage her. “I mean, if I’m going to be stuck here watching, then don’t I deserve a show?”

“I think we need to prioritize Sora’s training, besides the physical portion is already over. Next, we’ll be going over their oath along with non-combat responsibilities.”

“Talis,” I interrupted, before pulling him aside. “Ithnaa isn’t going to admit it, but she’s embarrassed by wearing only a thin robe in front of a big, powerful man like yourself.” We both looked back towards the djinn, and she was doing her best to look bashful. She wasn’t very good at it. “It might make her more comfortable if you were wearing the same thing as her. You know, like solidarity or whatever.”

“Sora, even if I believed you, I don’t—”

Ithnaa appeared nearby holding another silk robe that at a glance looked like it would fit him, but knowing her, it was probably a size down.

Talis glared at the two of us. “If I put that on, then both of you are going to stop trying to get me to remove my clothing, understand?” We both readily agreed, but he still didn’t make a move to take the robe. “One other thing, Sora. Kai doesn’t have a paladin that she can rely on right now, and she desperately needs one. I want you to take this seriously, because I know she won’t.”

I actually stopped to consider what he was asking. Ever since Es tricked Kai into making me a paladin, I hadn’t really processed what that meant or if I even wanted it. Admittedly, it sounded like I could just take the power boost, and none of the responsibility.

But that was exactly what Talis was asking me not to do, and while I never really considered myself overly devout, Kai was still my goddess. Then there was one other major factor. My instincts were screaming at me to accept his offer, even if all I technically got out of it was a hot paladin in a robe.

“I promise I’ll take it seriously, but I can’t control whether or not Kai calls on me, and if she’s not used to having reliable paladins, then I don’t think that’s going to be her first impulse.”

“I’ll make sure she calls on you.” Talis took the robe and walked a few steps away before shouting over his shoulder. “Both of you turn around, and you better not look while I’m changing.”

# 35: Stirring Events

Bryce

“I’m, uh, so sorry. I didn’t expect this to be yours,” I said as I quickly pulled the sweater off and handed it to the goddess. She was a human woman, maybe early to late fifties, with her gray streaked brown hair tied up in a loose bun. She had on a white blouse that was half-tucked into a pair of black slacks. It looked like she had just gotten home from a meeting and fallen asleep without changing. Which was a feeling that I knew well, but even with her disheveled look, she was still the most intimidating woman I had ever met.

“That’s alright, it’s not your fault.” She took the sweater from me with a sigh before handing it to Libby. “Please, put that back where you found it.”

“I’m sorry, Mistress,” Libby apologized with a bow, and it disappeared from her hands. “She was cold, and I wasn’t sure what to do, but then I remembered that when you’re cold, you like to wear that sweater.”

“She was cold?” Tess asked Libby, but she was watching me. “Bryce, is there something wrong with your wrist? You keep rubbing it.”

“Oh, no.” I shook my head and forced myself to drop my hands to my sides. “I’ve been reading for gods know how long, and I’m not used to using paper books.”

“She was reading for eighteen hours and thirteen minutes,” Libby helpfully chimed in. “She’s covered nearly the entirety of the meta-physical anatomy of a djinn.”

“That’s an oddly specific topic.” Tess frowned at me, and I nodded.

“I died fighting a djinn progenitor, but managed to get a spell off before she killed me, and from what I can tell, it may have been enough to finish her.”

“Which progenitor?”

“Mother. The, uh, head of the Syndicate.”

“Souls aren’t meant to feel pain in their afterlives,” Tess explained. “You’re experiencing a severely muted version of what your body is going through back on the mortal plane. It’s likely a side effect of a binding spell. If I had to guess, Mother is trying to link your body and soul together, then use that connection to originate a spell from within my wards in order to resurrect you without me noticing. You're lucky Librarian stole my sweater, otherwise it probably would have worked.”

I felt the cold disappear along with the pain in my wrists as she finished speaking. “I, uh, wow, that would've been really bad. Thank you.”

“You're very welcome.” She gave me a tired smile. “Now, if you’ll excuse me, it’s been nearly three months in my localized time since I’ve had a chance to sleep and my bed is calling to me. If you feel any other phantom sensations, then let Librarian know and she’ll contact me.”

“Thank you, again.”

Tess nodded before disappearing, and Libby let out an audible sigh after she was gone. “I’m so sorry. I didn’t think she’d react that way. If I had known, then I would have just manifested you something myself.”

“It’s okay. Normally people don’t buy those sorts of sweaters for themself. If she’s kept it all these years, then it was probably a gift from somebody she cared about,” I explained absentmindedly while I chewed on my lip in thought, and then on a hunch, I muttered the words to my modified mana detection spell.

Libby frowned at me. “If people like them so much, then why wouldn’t they just buy one for themself?”

“Libby, does Tess know that you’re actually a celestial?”

She froze and then blinked out of existence. I rolled my eyes. “Libby? Could I have some help, please? There’s a book that I can’t find.”

“Hello, Bryce! What can I help you with?” She reappeared with a smile, but her smile became strained as I glared at her. Her soul was gone now, but it was definitely there before, and I recognized it as that of a celestial.

Libby panicked and grabbed me before teleporting us both to some far-off corner of the library. “I messed up, okay? You saw something that you weren’t supposed to see, and now you can’t tell anyone, understand?”

“Yeah, I won’t, I promise.” I held up my hands as I took a step back. “Can you at least tell me how you’re hiding your soul?”

She shifted nervously while looking around the aisles of shelves before nodding at me. “I’m a decentralized intelligence. I have around sixteen hundred-bodies at any given time, and my soul only needs to be in one of them. Earlier, I panicked and switched to the wrong one while I returned the sweater.”

“But why are you even hiding it in the first place?”

“Because if my mistress finds out, then I’ll have to pass on, and I really don’t want to do that.” Libby started hyper-ventilating, which was strange for both an artificial construct and a celestial.

“Relax, Libby, I’m not going to tell anybody. Your secret is safe with me.”

She nodded and took a calming breath before responding. “Okay. Good. Thank you, Bryce.”

“Of course. Do you want to go get something from the cafe to help you calm down? Maybe some of those chocolate brownie cookies you like so much?” I asked, and she shook her head.

“No, I probably shouldn’t.” She sighed, and I was about to ask if she was sure when she explained. “Eight of me have been eating them non-stop ever since my mistress showed up. If too many of me start doing it, then people might ask questions.”

I wanted to ask questions, but then decided that maybe there were more pressing issues where Libby was concerned. “Would you mind if I researched why exactly Tess has the rule against celestials? If I can understand why it exists in the first place, then maybe I could convince her to make an exception for you.”

This story is posted elsewhere by the author. Help them out by reading the authentic version.

“Yeah, of course, you can study whatever you want, but please, don’t try to talk to my mistress about this. What I have now works for me, and I don’t want to risk losing it.”

“I won’t,” I promised, and after a few moments of giving me an unconvinced look, she nodded.

“Okay, as I told you before, the primary reason is to prevent stirring events. If you want a good general example, then volume nine of the Nemesis crisis is your best bet, but it’s not actually the most comprehensive…” She trailed off for a moment before continuing. “The fall of the Hilaen theocratic dynasty was the first event recorded in modern memory, and while the author offers a lot of speculation, it was later edited with additional commentary to make corrections. I think that would be the best place to start, and I can curate a few other titles after you finish with that one.”

“Alright, I’ll start there then. Can you take me to it?”

“I’ll do you one better!” Libby held out her hand and an ancient, heavy looking tome appeared in it. “Here you go.”

“Thank you.” I took the thick book and nearly fell forward as she released it.

 



 

The Hilaen dynasty was a pre-Aether travel, multi-planetary government centered around a pantheon of gods that lasted for nearly thirty-thousand years.

It could have lasted indefinitely, if not for a mysterious being known only as ‘the entity’ showing up and emptying the pantheon’s afterlife. If that were all it did, then the whole thing would’ve been an impressive display of power, but not cataclysmic. The real problems came when it proceeded to collapse the entirety of Elysia, shred the mantles—and souls—of the gods, and then to top it all off, killed every single living follower of the pantheon.

Nearly the entirety of intelligent life was wiped out in just a few hours, and as best as I could tell, it was brought on by a handful of gods hoarding souls.

I closed the book and leaned back in my chair while I considered everything I had just learned. Stirring events were obviously bad, and should be avoided at all costs, but that didn’t explain Tess’s aversion to celestials, nor did it really explain the name.

This entity didn’t seem like it was stirring. Awakening? Maybe. Or even observing, sure. But not stirring. That seemed to imply something else was at play. Something bigger.

“Libby.”

“Hello, Bryce!” The celestial appeared nearby with a grin. “What did you learn?”

“A lot, but not enough.” I paused to consider my options before deciding on what to read next. “When was the term ‘stirring event’ first used?”

“After the third event, when my mistress met with the entity,” Libby explained. “There’s a transcript of the conversation written in the memoir of Lady Lucile of the Ebony Court. It’s just a second-hand account, but my mistress confirmed its accuracy herself.”

“That sounds like exactly what I want. Can you get it for me?” I asked, and she handed me a green gilded book with a smile.

“Anything else you need?”

I was about to thank her when I felt my stomach cramp. “Actually, does the cafe have real food, or is it just baked goods?”

“It has everything. You just have to ask for it.”

“I could really use a sandwich. Would you mind taking me there?”

“Of course, right this way.”

 



 

The cafe was surprisingly quiet despite the crowd, and I even managed to find a corner where I could sit by myself to enjoy three of the best sandwiches I had ever eaten while I read.

Lady Lucile's memoir was far closer to a romance novel than an autobiography. As it turned out, that second-hand account of Lucile’s came from Tess’s first-hand account. The two of them were romantically involved, and while it was definitely spicy, the conversation between Tess and the entity was even more so.

Tess had been prepared after the first two events and actually managed to capture the entity, but wasn’t able to kill it despite trying a laundry list of different methods. Eventually, she gave up and tried bargaining.

Tess had to develop two separate spells just to have a conversation with it, but they weren’t recorded in the memoir. Although, there was a reference number written in the margin that would supposedly lead to the grimoire that contained them. I made a mental note to study it later.

In the meantime, the actual transcript had my full attention. The entity claimed that its arrival was a response to a ‘stirring event’ that it suspected was caused by a significant number of altered souls.

Notably, it didn’t say what the alterations were, or the number of souls affected, just that it was enough to be noticed. When Tess pressed it for specifics, it claimed that it didn’t know. That it was just doing as it was told, and that if the source of the problem couldn’t be dealt with, then a more powerful entity would be sent in its place.

Tess and the entity negotiated for months, and eventually, Tess agreed to remove the mantles of the accused gods if the entity left. It agreed, and she released it.

Lady Lucile found her half-dead the next day. The entity had again collapsed Elysia and killed all the followers of the gods whose domain had anything remotely to do with souls. The gods themselves were presumed dead, but never found.

The response was technically less severe than the first event, but only because the bulk of power was less consolidated. Two things were obvious, though. First, whatever this entity was, it couldn’t be trusted, and second, I was starting to get a headache.

Clearly, this event was the source of the restrictions on soul-based mantles, and it honestly felt fairly justified. Although, I didn’t doubt that I would have felt differently if Tess had showed up to strip me of my mantle. Honestly, even after reading through the memoir, I would have still probably tried to argue a case to keep it. Not that I was ever going to get the chance. Dying had apparently disqualified me as a candidate, because my connection to the mantle had disappeared entirely.

“Libby, are you there?” I asked into the air, and the woman appeared nearby.

“Hello, Bryce! Did you enjoy the sandwiches?”

“I did, thank you.” I handed Lady Lucile’s memoir back to her, and she took it before causing it to disappear. “It seems safe to assume that each of Tess’s rules are in some way connected to one of these events, is that true?”

Libby shook her head. “Not all of them, but for the most part, yes.”

“Which ones aren’t?”

“Well, the rule about taking her clothes without asking is the most recent example,” she responded, without a hint of irony.

“Are there any that affect the people outside her afterlife?” I asked, and she shook her head. “Okay, which event caused her to discontinue the use of celestials?”

“That would be the fourth and fifth events collectively. Neither were explicitly attributed to celestials, but the cause was similar enough that my mistress decided to err on the side of caution. At least where her own afterlife is concerned.”

“Do you have the records for those events?”

“Of course!” she responded, but then hesitated. “Although, there are a lot of them. I’m not sure which of the documents would be the most relevant. If you’d like, I can take you to that section.”

“Please do.” I got up from the table, and she led me back down to the first floor.

# 36: Oathbound

Sora

“A paladin’s oath is at the core of their power,” Talis explained as he paced in front of us. He looked just as good in the undersized robe as we had hoped. “There are a few contributing factors to its strength, but the primary ones are the goddess you follow, how restrictive your oath is, and how closely you follow the spirit of those restrictions.” Ithnaa failed to hold back her laughter, which caused Talis to stop and raise an eyebrow at her. “Did I say something funny?”

“I didn’t exactly give an oath,” I explained. “Kai just used a promise I made to not join Chorus’s followers instead.”

Talis stared at me with his mouth half-open. “I don’t honestly know what to say about that…”

“Can they remake their oath?” Ithnaa asked, but Talis shook his head.

“That goes against the very purpose of a paladin’s oath. It’s meant to be binding, a core guiding principle to base your life on. It’s not something you can just undo on a whim.”

“Okay, not on a whim then, but is it possible?” I asked, and he reluctantly nodded.

“It’s possible, but I’ve only ever heard of it being done at the end of an arduous quest. Something life changing, and even then only given as a boon from your goddess.”

“Yeah, that does sound like a lot. Let me try something real quick.” I focused on the connection I felt with Kai and mentally tugged on it as I sent her a message.

Hey, hottie, mind if I remake my oath real quick? Talis said that it’s not restrictive enough.

I felt a wave of white-hot jealousy wash over my mind, followed by overwhelming righteous anger. Talis took a step back as my eyes snapped up to glare at him. My body stomped up and my finger poked him in the chest.

“So, my paladin’s oath isn’t good enough for you, huh?” My mouth was speaking, but the voice was clearly Kai’s. It was a strange feeling. “Seriously, dude, what’s your deal? Explain yourself!”

“I’m sorry, goddess, I had never heard of such a… unique oath before. I would never dare imply that it was inferior in any way.”

“That’s what I thought.” My body continued to glare at him until quickly looking off to the side at nothing. “Coming, Z! I just found a nickel and had to pick it up. I’ll be right there.” My body gave him one last dirty look before returning to my control. “Holy fuck, that was weird.”

“Right.” Talis let out a ragged breath. “Now might be a good time to go over divine possessions.”

“Is that going to happen often?” I asked, as I patted myself down. Losing control over my body like that was strange, but not necessarily in a bad way. I could feel the full spectrum of Kai’s power and emotions the entire time she was possessing me. It felt amazing.

“It should be rare, but in reality, it depends,” Talis explained. “In order for a possession to take place, you need to allow it. What that actually means in practice will depend on the person, their god, and their relationship with each other. Kai is unpredictable, so I’d suggest you avoid telling her about anything that might upset her. She might consider that enough consent by itself.”

“Like somebody insulting her paladin’s oath?” Ithnaa asked with a raised eyebrow, and Talis nodded.

“Hypothetically speaking, if I had actually insulted their oath, then yes. That would be something that's better for Sora to handle on their own without involving their goddess. For the protection of everyone.”

“Right, don’t get the chaos god involved unless it’s an emergency.” I chuckled as the mental image of calling on Kai to open a jar came to mind.

Talis sighed, apparently not imagining the same scenario. “It goes beyond even that. If Kai exerts too much power while possessing your body, it could shatter your core, or even destroy your soul outright. For most paladins, that’s only a mild concern, but your goddess has more power than nearly any other and isn’t exactly known for her self-control. It would only take a momentary lapse for her to overwhelm you.”

Unauthorized duplication: this narrative has been taken without consent. Report sightings.

That was definitely a sobering thought, and I reluctantly nodded. “So, not even in an emergency. Got it.”

“That’s oaths and possessions covered. What’s next?” Ithnaa asked.

“Actually, there’s one last thing to cover with oaths,” Talis continued. “The longer you keep it, the more influence it'll have over you. This usually manifests as a greater devotion to your goddess’s domain, and a more natural adherence to its tenets. It’s something of a vicious cycle. The better you adhere to your oath, the easier it becomes, and the more power you gain.”

I frowned at his explanation. “Wait, I get the domain part, but my oath is pretty binary. ‘Don’t join Chorus’s followers.’ There’s not much room for ‘more natural adherence.’ I either join him or I don’t.”

“That’s one of the many ways that your oath is unique,” he agreed. “If I had to guess, you’ll become less and less attuned to Chorus’s domain over time. You may even begin to be repulsed by the god himself.”

“Debauchery is half of Sora’s personality,” Ithnaa pointed out my biggest concern with the explanation. “What’s losing that going to do to them?”

“Chorus’s domain is indulgence, not debauchery,” Talis corrected. “I wouldn’t expect them to stop enjoying things like that entirely, but certainly in greater moderation. And to be clear, these changes wouldn’t happen overnight. We’re talking about over a period of decades, centuries, or even millennia for some of the most severe effects.”

“Millennia? No, that’s ridiculous. I’ll be lucky if I make two centuries, and that’s assuming I don’t get myself shot first.” Except that wasn’t true anymore, and I knew it. I was now a paladin of Kai, one of the oldest gods in existence. So long as she was still alive, and I didn’t abandon my ‘oath,’ I wouldn’t die, and based on the look Talis was giving me, that included from old age. “What about Samira?” The question was almost a whisper, but it had apparently been loud enough for Ithnaa to hear.

“Sora, don’t be an idiot.” I turned on her with a glare, but she continued before I could protest. “You’ve met three different gods, shared a ship with five children of Inim, single-handedly killed a pirate king, and most importantly, you’re sleeping with an extremely powerful djinn. Even if all of those others somehow fall through, you’d have to be a complete fool to believe I’d allow that girl to die on my watch. We'll figure out a way to make her immortal.”

I didn’t know what to say. So, I settled on the obvious. “Thank you.” I took a step towards Ithnaa and pulled her into a hug with a chuckle. “But I do actually respond to more than just insults when I’m upset. Just because that’s Sami’s love language doesn’t mean you have to do it too.”

“Sorry, I’m still learning. I’ll get better.” She squeezed me one more time before releasing the hug and turning back towards Talis, who had been patiently waiting. “Okay, what’s the next topic?”

“Spells,” he declared confidently, but then paused. “Or they would be if you weren’t a paladin of Kai. The spells given to you are completely random. I have no idea how to even approach learning what they are.”

“Well, what are yours?” I asked, more out of curiosity than anything else.

“Enforce Duel and Circle of Empowerment.”

“That’s a dangerous combination,” Ithnaa observed, but I didn’t know shit about magic.

“What do those do?”

“One enforces the rules to a duel, and the other creates a wide circle that empowers me while I stand within it.”

“Fair. I probably should have guessed as much. So, what now? I just try casting random spells and hope one works?”

“I think I have an old grimoire I could lend you?” Ithnaa sounded unsure, and the three of us just traded glances. “Alternatively, if you’re going to do something, try doing it with magic first. Maybe you’ll chance on one of the spells.”

“Why not both? Let’s go get the grimoire, and I can do that other thing while I read through it.”

“I can’t think of a better option,” Talis admitted. “Although, there's one other thing before you leave.” He walked over to where his leather armor was neatly folded on the ground and pulled something from one of the pockets. “Use this if you find yourself in dire need and I'll come to your aid.” He held out a small spider shaped pendant, and I went to take it, but he didn’t let go. “Please, don’t make me regret giving this to you.”

“I won’t.” He finally let go, and I held it up to the light. “What is it, exactly?”

“It’s the symbol of my goddess. This one has been linked to my mana signature, which will allow you to contact me.” Talis placed a hand on mine to get my attention. “In an emergency. Understand?”

“They understand.” Ithnaa stepped forward, holding out one of her coins. “Please, take this as a token of our appreciation.”

“Thank you,” he said while inspecting the coin, clearly not knowing what it was. “I'll treasure it.”

At that moment, I felt a sudden surge of divine inspiration. “Actually, Talis, may I borrow your armor for a moment? I might have just figured out one of my spells.”

He looked at me suspiciously, but eventually nodded before gathering it up off the floor and holding it out to me. “This is heavily enchanted and very expensive. You’re not going to damage it, are you?”

“Of course not. I know how important it is to you.” I took the neatly folded leather and didn’t even try to cast anything on it. “Damn, guess I was wrong. Ithnaa, I suppose we have no choice but to find that grimoire of yours now.”

“It’s alright. We’ll figure out your spells, eventually.” She put a reassuring hand on my shoulder and we both appeared standing in the middle of a dust-covered study. “Oh, no. Sora, did you forget to give Talis his armor back? How could you be so careless?” She deadpanned and I couldn’t hold back the laughter any longer.

# 37: Return To Paradise

Ithnaa

“Where are we anyway?” Sora asked as I moved over to one of the bookshelves and started reading through the titles.

“One of many safehouses I have hidden across the Network. This one is under a mountain on an unnamed volcanic world.” I pulled a leather-bound manuscript off the shelf and leafed through it. Satisfied, I handed it back to Sora and continued searching.

“That’s some serious super villain vibes,” they commented as they started looking through the book.

“Is it? I hadn’t noticed,” I chuckled as I handed another grimoire back to them. “That one is bound with centaur leather. His name was Daniel.”

“Oh? What did Daniel do to you?” they asked as they started stacking the books on top of Talis’s armor in their arms.

“He wouldn’t share his spells.” I grabbed a pair of grimoires off the shelf this time and handed them both to Sora.

“Sounds like an asshole. Definitely deserved it. What about these?”

“Fox leather.” They glared at me, and I laughed. “It’s artificial. They’re third edition copies of the originals. I wouldn’t use them to cast anything directly, but the spell descriptions should be accurate enough.”

“I should smite you. That’s a thing I can do now, and I’m pretty sure what you just said was blasphemy.”

“Absolutely, you should.” I kissed them as I placed another three books on the growing pile. “I will, however, remind you that there’s no food allowed in my study, and the nearest source of it is twelve light-years away. So, unless you want to eat paper for the rest of your life, maybe wait until we get back?”

“I could always use more fiber…” they trailed off, pretending to consider their options.

“Did I mention I poisoned all the books?” I joked.

“No,” they laughed. “Why would you do that?”

“In case the adorable kitsune I was sleeping with killed me and tried to survive by eating them?”

“Adorable?” they asked with a raised eyebrow.

“Dangerously adorable,” I amended. “Sorry, sweetie, but even as a paladin of Kai, you’re still my adorable little fox.” They mocked a biting motion towards me, and I poked them in the forehead, teleporting us both back to their bedroom aboard the Fury. “How long until we reach Paradise?”

“It shouldn’t be more than a few hours, assuming there are no complications.”

“Alright, let’s gather up Thea and Samira so that we can go over the plan one last time.” I turned to leave, but as I did, the door to the room slammed shut and locked. Then I felt the hum of the ship’s engines slow.

“Minor complication.” I felt cold metal on my neck as Sora pushed themself against my back. “I might have understated the urge to smite you earlier, and it’s only gotten stronger since. If I don’t do something about it soon, then I’m actually going to try to kill you.” I was about to say that it felt like they already were, when they pushed the dagger up under my chin. “Don’t say anything. You’ll only make things worse for yourself.”

They ran their teeth over the base of my neck before biting down hard enough to break the skin. I flinched, which caused the dagger to cut into me.

“Relax, it’s almost over,” they purred before biting down again, this time channeling mana into it. I cringed at the pain, and Sora lowered the dagger to take a step back.

“Is that going to happen often?” I asked as I rubbed at the bite. It wasn’t bleeding, but I could feel the scar already starting to form. Likely a result of the smite spell they had used.

“Yeah, sorry about that. I think it’s a paladin thing.” They gave me a sheepish smile. “I figured you’d enjoy that more than getting stabbed in the back.”

“Well, you’re not wrong,” I responded absently as I conjured a mirror to inspect the scar. It was right at the base of my neck, and very clearly a bite mark. Hiding it would be difficult, but I didn’t think that was going to be a problem. “I kind of like it…”

“You would,” they chuckled as they stepped forward to run a finger over the scar. “It does look good on you, but do me a favor, and try to avoid blasphemy in the future. I really didn’t like how that felt.”

“Sure, I'll be more careful.” I put the mirror away and looked over at them. “What exactly does Kai consider blasphemy?”

“I have no idea. Maybe we can ask Talis when he eventually shows up to get his armor.”

“Why not just ask Kai herself?”

“I think I’ve had enough of dealing with divinity for a while. If it’s all the same to you, I’d like to spend the next couple of weeks avoiding people who can kill me with a stray thought.”

“Unusual stance for a paladin, but fair enough.” I pulled them into a kiss before letting them go. “Now, can you go get Samira and have her meet us in the living area with Thea?”

“That’s the other thing I wanted to talk about, and why I stopped the ship.” They gave me a sheepish, almost pleading look. “Thea finally fell asleep for the first time since she got back on the ship around half an hour ago, and I’m pretty sure Sami is about fifteen minutes from lying down herself. This has obviously been hard on them, and I don’t think jumping into the next adventure is what they need right now. Let’s take a few days, or maybe a week, to just not be in mortal danger. Then we can go fuck up Paradise.”

Reading on this site? This novel is published elsewhere. Support the author by seeking out the original.

“That might add some complications, but we can make it work. What should we do in the meantime?”

They smiled as they took a step back towards the bed. “I do feel kind of bad about the whole smiting you thing. Maybe you could help alleviate some of that guilt.”

I grabbed them by the neck and teleported both of us about a half a meter above the bed, falling on top of them. “Now, that sounds like something I could do.”

 



 

The week of relaxation turned out to be needed by everyone, myself included. During that time, I helped Thea contract with Sora. They still hadn't managed to learn any new spells, and their mana was pushing the limits of what they could maintain. Bleeding some off to Thea was an easy solution.

Besides, I still had a contract with both Leila and Suriel—their sister having made one with the satyr before leaving for Akresh. We were hoping that my contract with the two siblings would only be until they got back to the rest of the Radiant Theocracy. At that point, Ashaiya, their older sister, would be able to set them up with whatever she was doing to stay on the mortal plane.

But none of that could happen until we got their ship off of Paradise, and they wanted Samira to check over the repairs they had paid for. Which meant we actually needed to get on the station in the first place, and the port control was being stubborn.

“I’m sorry, I don’t know a Captain Virra. If you want to dock, then I need to know who’s expecting you,” the air-headed elven woman explained for the third time.

Thea pushed her way to the front of the bridge so that she could speak into the microphone. “What about Captain Ayumi? She knows us.”

“There is no Captain Ayumi, and at this point you’re clearly just making up names.”

“She means Captain Aoyama,” Sora corrected as they moved her out of the way. “She’ll vouch for us.”

“Isn’t that what I said?”

The elf sighed. “Look, it’s obvious that you just want to get aboard, but I’m warning you now that faking a connection to one of the pirate queens isn’t the way to do it. If you want, I can put you in contact with Captain Nora’s crew. She just inherited a couple dozen lancer docks that she’s probably looking to rent out. Trust me, you’re much better off dealing with her than you are getting on Captain Aoyama's bad side.”

Sora gave me a concerned look, but I didn’t quite have the context to understand what it meant. So, I let them speak. “Please, just put us down in one of Captain Aoyama’s docks.”

“Alright, it’s your funeral.” The elf interacted with a screen that we couldn’t see before pleading with us one last time. “Seriously, could I at least send you to Captain Penn’s territory? He’ll probably just kill you and be done with it. Captain Aoyama isn’t nearly that merciful.”

“You heard them,” I interjected. “We’ll deal with any potential fallout ourselves.”

“Fine. Captain Aoyama has two free hangars large enough for your ship. I’ll put you down in the one on the furthest edge of her territory. You’ll probably only have a few hours until she finds out.”

“Actually, put us down in the central-most,” Sora insisted. “And while you’re at it, alert her directly that Captain Virra’s crew has arrived back on Paradise.”

 



 

We came in for a landing around half an hour later. By the time Thea, Sora, and I were walking down the ramp, there was a very impatient looking vampire waiting for us surrounded by a half-dozen bound demons.

“Where is Virra?”

I took a step forward. “She’s somewhat preoccupied at the moment, but we’re authorized to act on her behalf.”

Captain Aoyama scanned our group before finally settling on Thea and shaking her head in obvious disappointment. “Am I to assume she was killed by Mother?”

“How did you know?” Thea asked in a pained whisper.

“Your pact. You still reek of her magic, but it’s clear that you’re being provided mana by the kitsune standing beside you. Sora, I presume?”

“That’s right,” they confirmed. “So, the cat is out of the bag. What now?”

“First, explain what your intentions were, because whatever plan you had come up with clearly wasn’t well thought out.”

“We wanted to recruit a fleet to avenge Bryce,” Thea explained. “We were kind of hoping that her name still carried enough weight to get away with it.”

“Avenge? Not Rescue? You must be aware that Mother doesn’t often allow her victims to remain dead.”

“Yeah, avenge,” Thea said shakily. “She didn’t want us going after her, so she chose to go to Tess’s afterlife. Mother won’t be able to bring her back, and neither will we.”

“Gods are far too arrogant, and Tess is more arrogant than most.” Aoyama shook her head. “Mother is among the few beings in this galaxy that predates divinity itself. Underestimate her at your own peril.”

“You don’t think Tess is going to be able to protect Bryce?” Thea asked.

“I think Mother is far too clever to let something as insignificant as a goddess stand in her way.”

“Careful,” Sora warned. “You’re getting awfully close to blasphemy.”

“I wouldn’t dream of insulting the mighty trickster in the presence of her paladin. I was merely suggesting that your captain may not be as lost as you fear she is. Please, forgive me if it came across as anything else.”

“Well, I no longer feel the urge to kill you coming on, so you’re probably fine.” Sora seemed to relax after the apology and I made a mental note to try that next time.

“Wait, let’s get back to the part where Bryce might not be dead forever,” Thea interrupted. “You’re saying that Mother might still be able to resurrect her even from Tess’s afterlife?”

“I’m saying that if anybody could find a way to bypass the wards around the goddess of magic’s afterlife, it’s her. However, I’ve seen what Mother does to her prisoners, and if you truly care about your captain, then you’ll pray she stays dead.”

The room went deathly still, and after a few moments of silence, I tried to bring the conversation back to the issue at hand. “It doesn’t sound like you’re refusing to help us. What’s your play here?”

“Ithnaa, right?” she asked, and I nodded. “Your captain went to great lengths to get you back. I hope you appreciate her efforts.”

“Of course I do, but you didn’t answer my question. What are you planning?”

“Captain Virra’s death was an unfortunate tragedy, but one we might yet be able to capitalize on.” Thea tensed at that, but Aoyama either didn’t notice or didn’t care. “You see, she may not have been formally recognized as being on the council, but she was technically a member when she was killed. Because the one who killed her doesn’t qualify to take her seat, it must remain open until she’s avenged.”

“That sounds like decent motivation for an up-and-coming pirate,” Sora pointed out. “Is it enough for us to start recruiting?”

“Possibly, but there’s a complication.” The captain frowned. “Nora claimed the kill on Leon while you were gone, and with no one to challenge her, she was given his seat on the council.”

“That seems like more than just a complication. I assume you have a solution in mind?” I asked, and Aoyama nodded toward Sora.

“I do, and they’re standing right there.”

# 38: Plan B

Thea

“How many glasses?” the overdressed human asked as he sat the bottle down in front of me. I was in a bar somewhere on Paradise. I think Ithnaa told me the name at some point, but I didn’t bother to remember it.

“A glass would only get in my way.” I grabbed the whiskey off the bar and replaced it with something that looked expensive from my ring. The bartender shouted something at me, but I ignored him as I walked away.

This place was pretty busy for the middle of the day, which meant I had to push past a crowd to get back to the corner booth where Ithnaa was sitting. I dropped into the seat beside her and pulled the cork so I could finally take a drink.

“Seriously? We’re in the middle of something here.” I held up a finger as I finished half the bottle, then I offered her the rest. She pushed it away and went back to staring at the curtained off booth surrounded by guards on the other side of the room. “This might end in a fight. We should keep our heads clear.”

“You don’t want my head clear right now. Trust me,” I muttered, and was thankful when Ithnaa pretended not to hear me. “Hey, uh, could you check the thing again?”

“It’s too risky while we’re away from the wards on the ship. I’ll do it when we get back.”

“Right. What was I thinking?” I sighed before taking another drink from my whiskey. “Do you think Aoyama was right? Can Mother really bring Bryce back?”

“I don’t know,” she admitted after way too long of a pause. “Tess is frighteningly powerful, but she has a strict set of rules that she follows, and Mother doesn’t. Even still, it doesn’t seem likely, but underestimating her right now feels like the absolute worst thing we could do.”

“Ithy, I don’t even know what I want to believe anymore.” I collapsed onto the table and looked up at the djinn with pleading eyes. “I want Bryce back, but I obviously don’t want Mother to have her. Plus, she made her choice, and she chose Tess’s afterlife. Mother doesn’t have the right to take that away from her.”

She stared back at me in confusion. “Ithy?”

“That was your takeaway?” I switched my pleading look to a glare. “Come on, I’m obviously hurting here.”

“Right, sorry.” She reached out to awkwardly rub my back. “You have to know Bryce only chose to go to Tess’s afterlife because she knew we’d come after her otherwise, and she wanted to keep you safe.”

“What? Of course I know that.” I turned my head to look away. “Hey, wasn’t there supposed to be guards over there?”

“Damnit,” Ithnaa cursed as she looked back towards the curtained off area. “Thea, are you good? I need you here right now.”

“Yeah, I’m fine.” I sat up in the booth and let out a heavy sigh. “Alright, let’s do this.”

She gave me a concerned look before nodding reluctantly. “Okay. Here we go.”

She placed a hand on my shoulder and the two of us appeared, sitting in a different booth across from a very surprised human woman. ‘Captain’ Nora was… smaller than I expected. Not that she was actually small, I just expected her to be bigger from everything we'd heard about her. The short-haired blonde was maybe a little taller than Softie, not particularly muscular, and once the surprise wore off, very angry.

“What is this? Who are you?”

“Hello, Nora. I’m surprised you don’t recognize us,” Ithnaa sneered at the woman. “You’d think after taking credit for our kill, you’d at least have the common courtesy of knowing our names.”

Recognition flashed in her eyes, and she leaned back into the booth with a smile. “Ah, you must be Sora.”

“No, that would be me.” Softie appeared beside her with a knife to her throat.

“Alright, now, you have my attention.”

“Good, I’ll make it simple so that even you can understand.” Ithnaa leaned forward with a predatory grin. “Captain Aoyama is going to call a council meeting tomorrow night, and when she does, you’re going to explain to them that you weren’t the one who killed Captain Leo. Then you’re going to give up your claim to his seat.”

“And why would I do that?” Nora smirked at her.

“Uh, maybe because I have a dagger to your throat?” Softie asked in disbelief.

“I'm not sure if you've noticed, but I'm sitting in the middle of a bar with only a pair of guards. Do you see any of the other captains doing that? Do you think maybe there's a reason that I can, and they can't?” She easily pushed Softie’s wrist away before continuing. “I have a thirty kiloton bomb attached to my heart. If you kill me, then it’ll take out half the sector. You included.”

Softie looked at me in shock and I just shrugged to let them know she wasn’t lying. “That would have been nice to know about before we planned this.”

“So, what’s your play now?” Nora ignored them as she reclined with her hands behind her head and grinned at us. “You better make your next move a good one, because I won't give you another.”

“Nothing has changed,” Ithnaa stated with all the confidence that I didn’t feel. “Either you tell them the truth or we kill you and I use the seat you stole to get the message out myself.”

“Alright, go ahead.” She lifted her chin, exposing her throat, before laughing. “Well, if none of you are going to kill me, then get the fuck out of–—”

She disappeared mid-sentence along with Ithnaa, and Softie looked over towards me. “Trust me, it’s better if you don’t ask.” They cringed as they realized something else. “Also, do us all a favor and don’t tell Sami. She got a bit worked up when Ithnaa did this to Anali.”

“I won’t bring it up, but I’m also not going to lie to her.” I reached forward to grab an expensive looking green bottle off the table and filled a couple of shots before pushing one across the table to Softie. They held it up before downing it and I did the same.

“Was that orcish tequila? It’s been awhile.”

This content has been misappropriated from Royal Road; report any instances of this story if found elsewhere.

“Don’t know. Didn’t read the bottle.” I poured myself another shot, emptied it, and reached over to pour one for them.

“Thea, that’s what I appreciate about you. Honesty and tequila.” They laughed as they drained their shot, and I smiled as I did the same.

I took a drink directly from the bottle this time. “That's me. A lie detector that runs on alcohol. That's all I'm good for these days.”

“Not what I meant, and you know it.”

“Doesn’t matter. It’s still true. I’m useless without Bryce,” I pointed out the obvious then drank more of the tequila.

“Nuh-uh, none of that. You’re not allowed to call my friend useless.”

“That’s easy for you to say, Mx. Double Paladin. Whatever the fuck that means. Did you ever figure that out?”

They scoffed. “Hardly. As best I can tell, it’s just more mana and more righteous anger about whatever random shit Kai doesn’t like on a given day.”

“Ash handled all of dad’s paladins. Maybe she could help you figure it out.”

“Thanks, but I think I’m perfectly happy with my current tutor.” They winked at me and I sat up straighter.

“Wait, you never said that Zesh’s paladin was hot.”

“Well, he very much is, and Ithnaa has been plotting for a way to get him into her harem. Which means I’d get to play with him too.”

“Does that mean you two finally figured out the rules for your relationship?” I raised an eyebrow at them, and they shrugged.

“There have always been rules, just no labels.”

“But now it sounds like there might be a label?” I asked, maybe a little hopefully.

“No labels, but maybe different rules.” They gave me a coy smile, which definitely piqued my interest.

“Good rules or…?”

“Thea, why don’t you just ask what you want to know, and hand me that bottle while you’re at it.”

I passed over the tequila with a huge grin. “Are you two dating?”

“I already told you there are no labels.” They took a drink, and I rolled my eyes at them.

“You know what I mean. Are you two, like, long-term? Are we going to have a bunch of little fox babies running around?”

They nearly did a spit-take, and I couldn’t help but laugh out loud. “Absolutely not. No kids. Not ever.”

“Come on! You’re so good with Sami, and I bet Ithnaa would make a hilarious mother.”

“Sami isn’t my daughter, and as fun as it would be to watch Ithnaa struggle with motherhood, I don’t think she’s interested. I’m sure as the hells not.”

“I’m just saying, you two would make cute moms.”

They gave me an exasperated look, before their face seemed to soften and they handed me back the tequila. “You and Bryce weren’t planning on having kids, were you?”

I shrugged as I drank more of the tequila. “We talked about it. She said maybe in a thousand years, and I joked that it was a promise.”

“It wasn’t a joke, was it?” they asked, and I shook my head.

“Not to me.”

“I’m sorry.”

“Don’t be. I'm the one who brought it up, anyway.” I waved them off with the bottle before taking another drink. “Besides, you never answered my question. Are you two committing to the whole long-term thing?”

“Committing is a strong word.”

“Buuuut…” I fluttered my eyelashes at them as I drew out the word.

“But, we're trying something a little more formal.” I was about to squeal when they held up a finger to me. “Still no labels, and absolutely no kids. So, don’t get your hopes too high.”

“Hey, I’m just happy you found someone who makes you happy.”

“Thanks, and yeah, even with everything else that’s going on right now, I’m happy.”

“Good. You deserve it.” I took another drink before offering them the bottle. They took it, but Ithnaa reappeared before they could bring it to their lips.

“Aren’t you, uh, missing somebody?” I asked.

She shook her head before taking the bottle from Softie. “I think our ‘captain’ friend needs some time alone to think. Sora, how long until the guards become a problem?”

“I’d guess ten, maybe fifteen minutes.”

“I’ll go get her in five then.” She finally took a drink and handed the bottle back to Softie. “You know she’s like eighty percent bio-modded? Easily weighs over half a ton.”

“Damn,” Softie cursed. “She hides it well.”

“Yeah, I didn’t even know until after she laid me out. I had to rip off one of her arms just to get her to stop and have a conversation with me.”

“I mean, her having a bomb in her chest was probably the first sign,” I pointed out, which made Ithnaa chuckle.

“Fair point.”

“If she doesn’t cooperate, then what do we do?”

“We kill her, and take her seat on the council,” Softie explained, and Ithnaa agreed.

“Captain Aoyama’s plan is cleaner, but only if Nora cooperates. Otherwise, we’ll have to join the council and ‘convince’ the other captains ourselves.”

“I mean, that sounds like more fun to me.”

“Maybe,” she chuckled. “But that would give Mother more time to figure out where we are. Honestly, it’s not much of a leap to track us back to Paradise, and once she does, it’s just a matter of her getting here. Which isn’t going to take her long.”

Softie gave me an apologetic frown. “As much as I hate to admit it, her being preoccupied with trying to resurrect Bryce might actually work in our favor. At least, time wise.”

“Uh, actually, Ithnaa. If we have a few minutes, would you mind jumping back to the ship and checking the thing real quick?”

“What thing?” Softie asked.

“I had Bryce swallow one of my tokens before I teleported you away. I’ve been periodically checking to see if Mother has made any progress in resurrecting Bryce ever since Aoyama brought up the idea.”

“Well, has she?”

“So far, no. But it’s at least a way to keep tabs on her, and yeah, Thea, I don’t mind doing it. I’ll be right back.” She disappeared, and Softie gave me a concerned look.

“I’m sorry, Thea. This must put you in an impossible position. I can’t even imagine what I’d do if it were Sami.”

“Probably the same thing we’re doing now. I mean, we don’t really have a choice here, do we? It’s just wait and see.”

Softie seemed like they were about to say something when Ithnaa reappeared, looking obviously concerned.

“What’s wrong?” I asked, maybe a little too loudly, considering where we were and what we were doing.

“Sora, wait here, please. I’m going to take Thea back to the ship.” She grabbed my hand and teleported us to the living area before anyone could even respond. “I’m sorry. I didn’t want to risk you reacting in the middle of the bar.”

“Just tell me what happened.” I braced myself as I stared into her eyes.

“I can’t feel the token anymore,” she said, before quickly explaining before I could ask any questions. “Which could mean any number of things. Mother could have found a way to ward against it, or maybe she found the token and destroyed it. Hells, she could have even just moved Bryce to another plane. There’s no way for us to know right now.”

I tried to process what she was saying as a feeling of dread crept over me. “Mother didn’t find your token, did she?”

“Probably not. Bryce taught me a concealment spell that makes them pretty much undetectable.”

“So, if it’s destroyed, then that means…”

“If it’s destroyed, then it probably means Mother gave up on trying to resurrect Bryce and destroyed her body.”

“Then it’s over… she’s gone.”

“Thea, we don’t know that, not for sure. Not yet.”

“You should probably get back to Softie. They’re all by themself right now.”

“Thea…”

“I’m fine. I just want to be alone for a little while. I’ll have dinner ready by the time you get back, I promise.” I don’t know if she believed my lies, but she did eventually nod and teleport away. Once she did, I moved back to the couch that had become my bed and pulled the blanket over myself.

# 39: Phantom Pain

Bryce

I tried to rub away the headache that had only gotten worse over the last few hours. Libby hadn’t been lying when she said there was a lot of information to go through.

The fourth event had been caused by a group manufacturing artificial souls, and the all-out war that followed lasted for decades. It only ended when Tess managed to lure the entity to an isolated system in a distant part of the galaxy, then proceeded to convert every gram of matter in that system to energy.

The description of the spell she had used, which, yes, I went out of my way to find in one of her grimoires, was on a whole different level, and that was still the understatement of the century. It silently set up a containment field, then teleported all life outside its radius, before annihilating everything and converging all the energy into a single point. The spell was a complete masterpiece of planned destruction that took years to prepare, and yet the entity survived.

It was hurt, sure, possibly even mortally wounded, but it was still alive. It left shortly after, with an ominous message. ‘I warned you.’ That was widely considered the end of the fourth event.

The fifth started less than a hundred years later, but the pain I was experiencing was reaching unbearable levels. So, I decided to do something about it before I started reading into the details.

“Libby,” I muttered from where I was sitting with my head cradled.

“Hello, Bryce!” The girl appeared nearby with her usual perkiness, but quickly rushed to my side as she realized I was in pain. “Are you feeling okay? What happened?”

“I’m fine. It’s just a lot of information to process in such a short time.” I chuckled, but she didn’t seem convinced.

“It’s probably nothing to worry about, like you said, but I’m going to contact my mistress, anyway. She said any phantom sensations, and I think this probably counts.”

I was about to say that probably wasn’t necessary when the tired-looking goddess appeared nearby. This time she was wearing a pair of black pajama pants and an oversized white t-shirt with the words ‘my wife stole this from me and she’s not even sorry’ written across the front of it.

“It’s a headache this time?” Tess asked, and I nodded. “Okay, come here. Let me take a look.” I got up from the table and walked over to her. “I’m going to touch your forehead, and it might feel a bit strange for a few seconds. Is that alright?”

“That’s fine. Just please try not to do any permanent damage.” I was mostly joking to relieve the tension, but Tess seemed completely immune to it.

“I’ll be careful,” she promised before placing her index and middle finger just above my brow. The headache disappeared immediately, and she removed them with a frown a few seconds later. “I’ve numbed the pain, but I can’t seem to locate your body back on the mortal plane. Normally, I’d say that it was just destroyed, but with Mother involved, it’s far more likely that she’s found a way to hide it from me.”

“What should we do?”

“You don’t have to do anything.” She gave me a tired, reassuring smile. “I’m going to go speak with Mother and get to the bottom of this. I’ll let you know when I find out what’s going on.”

Tess seemed like she was about to leave, but I reached out to grab her arm before she could. “Take me with you.”

“I’m sorry, Bryce, but a soul meeting the one who killed them can be traumatic, and Mother is unpredictable at the best of times. I think it’s better for everyone involved if you just wait here.”

“I mentioned earlier that I might have managed to get a spell off before I was killed. It would mean a lot to me if I had a chance to see for myself if it took hold.”

“That’s right, you did.” She looked me over appraisingly. “But you never said which spell. Would you mind describing it for me? Maybe I can let you know if I see it after the meeting.”

My heart skipped a beat. In theory, I had done nothing wrong, but this definitely still felt like a gray area, so I opted to keep the details vague. “It’s one of my own design. Specifically crafted to be discreet.”

“You don’t think I’d be able to find it?” She seemed more amused than angry, which was something of a relief.

“No, it’s not like that at all. It’s just that if you don’t find it, then I’ll always have that kernel of doubt. Whereas, if I can see for myself that it’s not there, then I can at least blame my own incompetence.”

“Mistress, if I may interject. You’ve used similar justifications on numerous occasions with a nearly ninety-seven percent success rate.”

“How irritatingly astute of you, Librarian.” Tess gave Libby a dirty look before turning back towards me with a sigh. “This is almost certainly a mistake, but you can come along. Just do me a favor and try not to antagonize Mother. The last thing I need right now is another war with her.”

“You won’t even know I’m there,” I promised, but Tess didn’t seem entirely convinced.

“Give me a few minutes to get dressed and I’ll come get you.” She disappeared, and I turned toward Libby with an accusing smile.

“You’re a troublemaker. How has she not noticed that you’re sentient yet?”

“I don’t know what you’re talking about. I’m just doing what I’m programmed to do.” She gave me a knowing wink. “Seriously, though, my mistress keeps herself extremely busy. She doesn’t really come down here unless there’s a problem that needs fixing, and when that happens, she tends to focus on whatever the problem is. It makes hiding something she’s not looking for kind of easy.”

“Well, regardless, thank you.”

“Of course!” She beamed at me. “Honestly, it’s just kind of nice to have someone to share the secret with, you know? The others don’t really treat me like a person, and why would they? I’m just a virtual assistant to them.”

 I was about to reassure her, but was interrupted by a bright white light. The next thing I knew, I was standing in a long, empty room. It felt like it was set up for conferences at one point, but somebody had removed all of the furniture.

“Sorry, I nearly forgot to bring you along,” Tess apologized from where she was now standing next to me. She was wearing some sort of formal clothing of a design that I didn’t recognize. It felt like a cross between a military uniform and a corporate suit. “I’ve already sent an invitation to Mother asking for her to meet us here.”

“That’s alright. Do you mind if I cast a spell before she gets here?”

“Do it quickly.”

I muttered the words to my modified mana detection spell and immediately regretted it as I was blinded by the ambient mana in the room.

You might be reading a pirated copy. Look for the official release to support the author.

“Arcane casting? Now, that brings me back,” the pillar of light standing next to me remarked. “But that spell isn’t going to do much up here. May I make a minor adjustment?”

I nodded before ending my mostly useless spell. Tess placed a thumb on my temple along with two fingers on my forehead, and I felt a pulse pass through my body. “Alright, now try pushing mana into your eyes. It should replicate the spell you cast earlier, but with significantly more flexibility.”

I did as she said, pushing a small thread of mana up to my eyes, and the effects were astonishing. Depending on how much mana I used, I could see varying amounts of detail. Turning up to the maximum showed me a room full of blinding light, just like my original spell. But if I turned it down to nearly a trickle, I could even see Tess’s meridian network. “This is amazing. What did you do?”

“It’s difficult to describe without a semester's worth of context, but essentially I unlocked an innate talent for meta magic.”

I stared back at her dumbly. “You made me a natural caster?”

“I can explain the details later. Mother is about to arrive.” She turned back towards the far end of the room with a deadly serious expression just in time for the djinn progenitor to appear.

“Hello, little bird. Did you invite me here to apologize?” she asked. “If that soul is for me, then I might just accept it without too much groveling on your part.”

“You know full well that’s not why you’re here.”

I adjusted the mana flowing to my eyes down to the bare minimum to stop the light coming off of Mother from blinding me. She was standing far enough away that I couldn’t quite make out the connection between her core and soul. So, I inched up just a hair closer to get a better look.

“Do I?” She smirked back at Tess. “Because last I checked, you were the one keeping something that doesn’t belong to you.”

“Any claim you had on her was lost the moment she entered my afterlife,” the goddess corrected. “If you wanted to keep her, then you shouldn’t have killed her.”

The spell was there. It had taken hold, and was slowing the mana flow between Mother’s soul and her core, but it was still flowing. I had underestimated her innate mana resistance, and didn’t provide the spell enough power to cut it off entirely. In theory, she would be weaker in the long term, but it wasn’t nearly enough to kill her.

“You forget yourself, human,” she sneered. “I never signed your damn treaty. Your rules don’t apply to me.”

“Be that as it may, I can still make your life a living hell.”

“Is that meant to be a threat?”

Mentally, I reached out to the spell, and the connection snapped into place much more easily than ever before. Tess glanced at me from out of the side of her eye, clearly realizing what I was trying to do.

“I’ll start by putting wards around all of Elysia, not just my afterlife,” she threatened, without skipping a beat. “Let’s see how quickly you run out of toys to play with when you can no longer bring them back.”

 I felt a powerful foreign presence hijack the connection, pushing power into my spell until the flow of mana moving between Mother’s core and soul stopped completely. My connection to the spell ended abruptly, and I couldn’t even see it anymore, but the effect was still the same. It seemed like Tess had camouflaged it herself.

“You wouldn’t dare,” Mother spat back. “There would be open rebellion amongst all of your little minions if you stopped resurrections.”

“Try me.” Tess stood firm and the tension in the air built up until Mother finally conceded.

“Fine, keep the soul. It’s not like I have the body anymore, anyway.”

That definitely brought me back to the conversation. “Wait, you don’t? Then who does?”

“I didn’t ask for a name.” She smiled at me. “I contacted a demon enchanter with a thing for elves. He told me that you’ll feel everything. It’s more fun for him that way.” I looked to Tess in a panic, and Mother started laughing. “Don’t bother asking for her help. She isn’t allowed in the hells anymore, and one tiny, insignificant, mortal soul isn’t worth starting a war.”

“Begone,” Tess demanded, and Mother disappeared with her laughter still echoing in the room.

“Please, tell me there’s something you can do. She can’t just get away with doing that, can she?”

“Where did you learn that spell?” I froze as she turned on me.

“I, uh, knew a djinn while I was still alive, and she let me study her core to develop a method to kill Mother.”

“Bryce, you have two options right now. You can either tell me exactly where you learned that spell, or I can scour your soul to find out for myself.”

I took a step back as my mind began to race. If Tess scoured my soul, then she would learn about Libby being a celestial, but I had already told her the truth, and I wasn't exactly sure what else she wanted. 

I decided that my best bet was just to lay it all out in the open and hope that was enough. “Thirty years ago, I accidentally created a spell that consumed the souls of fifty-thousand people and funneled that power into myself. I spent decades studying the effects that it had on my meridians. Then a few weeks ago, the love of my life had her core shatter because of a mistake I made. I rebuilt her mana network from the ground up in order to save her. All of this led to exactly what I told you. A djinn friend of mine allowed me to study her core, and I used the culmination of my knowledge to create a spell for the sole purpose of killing Mother.”

“Do you realize what you just admitted to?” she asked, and I nodded.

“I do.”

Tess let out a disappointed sigh. “I’m going to take you back to the library now.”

“That’s it?” I asked hesitantly.

“That’s it. You never should have gotten an afterlife after what you did, but you’re already here, and I’d be lying if I said giving Mother an expiration date didn’t endear you to me. The universe will be a better place without her.”

“How long is that expiration date, anyway? She had a lot of mana, and I don’t exactly know what her consumption rate is.”

“Maybe a few hundred years, unless she starts spending mana at an unprecedented rate in the near future.”

“That was a lot longer than I was hoping,” I admitted. Hells, it probably meant she was still going to outlive Sora and Samira, but at least with the new wards on the Fury they had a fighting chance of hiding from her.

“Mother has been around since the beginning. It shouldn’t come as a surprise that killing her will take some time. Come on, let’s get you back.”

“Wait.” I stopped her from teleporting me away. “Is there really nothing you can do about my body?”

“I’m going to reach out to a contact I have in Hel to see if she can find it. I’m also going to spend a few hours reinforcing the wards to make sure they can't resurrect you. In the meantime, the numbing effect I put in place to help with the headache won’t go away, but an expert in blood magic might be able to push past it. If you start to feel any phantom sensations, then let me know and I can either numb your senses further, or in the worst case, put you into hibernation until Mother is dead.”

“Alright. Thank you.” She nodded before teleporting me away without ceremony.

I took a seat at a nearby table and closed my eyes as I relaxed into it. I wasn’t sure what the future would hold, but it felt oddly freeing to know that I had done everything in my power to help Sora and Samira. Now, the rest would be in their hands.

“Ah, there it is,” an unfamiliar voice said, and I opened my eyes, expecting to see someone nearby, but there was nobody. “We’ll want to secure her before her senses return fully. Please, go fetch the client.” A sharp, stabbing pain shot through my left wrist, followed by the right, and I stood up as I realized what was happening.

I tried to call out, but started coughing, then gagging, as it felt like my throat was being filled with molten shards of glass.

“Everything is set. We’re bringing her back now.”

There was a pull on my being, and an overwhelming wave of panic pushed against my senses. I started hyperventilating as I considered what options I had. There weren’t many. I couldn’t speak, which meant I couldn’t call for help, and while I had absolutely no intention of telling Mother anything, I knew she was going to do everything in her ability to make me talk. Which was why I made the snap decision to modify my own soul.

I didn’t have time to do anything surgical. Instead, I forced a spear of mana through a portion I thought contained the information on the Fury and burnt out everything around it. Next, I targeted the information on the mana-engine spell from the Para Vista incident, but my vision went white before I could remove it.

I gasped and pulled air into my actual physical lungs for the first time since dying. At its peak, the pain I had been feeling in Tess’s afterlife had been unbearable, but even that paled in comparison to what was happening to me in the physical world. I was lying on some sort of metal autopsy table with thick straps around my forehead, neck, arms, and legs, holding me in place and forcing me to stare up at a sterile white ceiling. My mouth was being held open by something metal, and my wrists had been bolted directly to the table.

As if that wasn’t bad enough, anything touching me felt like it was made of razor-blades. The straps, the table, hells, even what was left of my armor and clothing, felt like it was cutting into me as it brushed against my skin.

“Hello, again, elf. I want you to remember this feeling,” Mother taunted me as she stepped into my peripheral vision. “You’ll look back at this moment and long to return to it. Because the panic, and the fear, and the pain will only get worse from here.”

# 40: Unscheduled Interruption

Sora

“How is she?” I asked Ithnaa after she appeared across from me.

“I can’t find the token that I gave Bryce. Which means it was probably destroyed.”

I nodded as I handed her the nearly empty tequila bottle. “I thought it would be something like that, but you didn’t really answer my question. How's Thea feeling?”

“Definitely not better than before, and still a terrible liar, but…” She finished the tequila as she trailed off. “I don’t actually have a ‘but’ here. It just felt like I should add one.”

“Well, I appreciate the effort.” I chuckled at her before remembering what it was we were talking about. “I’ll check on Thea when we get back. Although you might end up having to cook for the next few days.”

“And by that you mean…” She raised an eyebrow at me and I laughed.

“Pick us up something from somewhere nice, and preferably far away. Everything is absurdly expensive here.”

“Now, that I can do.” She let out a relieved breath before suddenly looking embarrassed. “But I might need to borrow a few credits first.”

“Wait, seriously?” I sat up with way too much excitement. “Ithnaa, the Slayer, needs to borrow cash from little old me?”

“You’re not going to make this easy on me, are you?”

“Absolutely not.” I gave her a wide, toothy grin. “I’ll be extracting quite the price for each and every credit.”

“You know I don’t actually need to eat, right?” She pouted, which just made my grin widen. “I could just sit around and watch you three starve.”

“Yeah, but you won’t do that, will you?”

“No, I won’t, but Sora, I need support here. Not a sexy power tripping paladin.” Her pouting turned to pleading, and I nodded as I leaned back into the booth.

“Right, sorry. Anything you need. Of course.”

“Thank you, and I don’t need much. I just never really had a chance to get back on my feet financially after everything that happened.”

“Hold on, you told me that you didn’t need credits when we first met. In fact, you said credits didn’t mean anything to a ‘person in your position.’”

“I don’t think I said that…” She looked away sheepishly.

“Oh, no, you definitely did.”

“Okay, fine, but in my defense, the position I’m in has changed somewhat since then.”

“Fair,” I conceded. “What about all those weeks you were gallivanting across the network? You weren’t able to get any of your massive fortune back?”

“No, Azel didn’t leave me anything to get back, and I had more pressing priorities.”

“Azel? That’s the brother that betrayed you, right?”

“Yeah, he’s the one who handed me to Teolix on a silver platter.”

“Now, that’s definitely blasphemy. Consider him on the smiting list.” I smiled at her, only half joking, as a supernatural urge to kill somebody I had never met started to build. This time, I embraced it. “On second thought, maybe I won’t need to lend you anything.”

“What do you mean?” she asked reluctantly.

“Remember a few months ago when we killed Rajak?”

“I was trapped in a bottle at the time, but sure.”

“Well, while Thea was busy cutting off his head, I was clearing out his bedroom. Where I happened to stumble onto his vault key.”

“Really?” She blinked at me before leaning forward, obviously interested. “Did you open it?”

“No. I don’t know how.” I shook my head. “Hells, I only knew what it was because I’d seen Mother use hers. Bryce wanted me to offer you a share if you helped us get into it, but I figure since you’re Rajak’s closest relative, it probably belongs to you, anyway.”

“Rajak has an older brother. I’m not his closest relative,” she argued. “Besides, you killed him. Which means it’s yours.”

“You’re the closest to me, and I wasn’t the one who killed him. That was Thea, and trust me, she doesn’t need the money.” I leaned forward conspiratorially. “Plus, I might have taken a few mementos from Captain Leo after our little run in. It’s going to be a while before I’m hurting for cash.”

Ithnaa smiled at me as she shook her head, but then her eyes went wide as she seemed to remember something. “Oh, dammit. I forgot about Nora.”

She disappeared, and I laughed out loud as I leaned back into the booth. Honestly, she hadn’t been the only one to completely forget about the human, but in my defense, I’d been pretty invested in the conversation.

Now, though, I was sitting alone in a booth, staring wistfully at an empty tequila bottle. It was incredibly tempting to get up and go to the bar for a replacement, but the curtain around the booth would make leaving discreetly difficult. It just wasn’t worth the risk of being discovered, and I had learned my lesson with the bartender back on Drassun. So, I just sat there, leaning back with my eyes closed, relaxing. It was a strange place for it, sure, but there was nothing else I needed to do, so why not?

Stolen content alert: this content belongs on Royal Road. Report any occurrences.

Not even five minutes later, my relaxation was interrupted by an irritating beeping noise and a flashing red message spread across my vision.

Hey bitch, the guards should be awake by now. Hopefully, that means you’re long gone and just forgot to delete this alarm, but if not, then, well, good luck. Try not to get us killed.

I cursed my past self for the stupid message while I scrambled out of the booth. At a glance, nothing seemed out of place. Nobody was searching for the missing guards, or angrily stomping towards me, which I took as a good sign. 

Maybe I had been wrong about the dosage or overestimated their nanites, but I had to be sure. So, I slinked over to the bathrooms and pulled open the nearest one. The second-to-last stall was still closed, but when I pushed on the door, it opened without resistance.

The burly orcish guard who I had left sitting on the toilet was now leaning against the wall. He was still unconscious, but someone had clearly moved him, and the second guard who I positioned on top of him was nowhere to be seen.

I knelt down to check the remaining guard’s vitals, and after ensuring he was still breathing, I pulled a small vial of black powder from one of the hidden pockets in my pants. I measured out a small amount before coating the tip of my finger and running it along the inside of the man’s lower lip.

Hopefully, that would keep him out for another twenty minutes, but that still left the other guard. She had been smaller than the orc, which meant I had to use less of the powder to knock her out, but not by much. If she was already up and walking around, then she’d have to be pretty groggy. I figured that if I could track her down before she could tell anybody what happened, then I still had a chance to get ahead of the problem.

Or so I hoped, but that hope was crushed not even thirty seconds later when I opened the door to leave the bathroom and was met by the exact person I was looking for, along with four startled pirates.

“That’s them! They’re the one who drugged me!”

I took a frantic step back and tried to pull the door closed, but one of the pirates reached forward to hold it open. Then they all filed in as I continued to step backwards. “Now, hold on a moment. I can explain.”

“Shan, check on Dion. Make sure they didn’t hurt him,” the largest of the bunch, he looked like a half-giant, commanded.

“Got it,” a half-elven woman in the group confirmed before carefully stepping past me to get to the sleeping guard. I tried to say that he was fine, but the large man cut me off with a glare. We stood in silence until Shan stepped out of the stall. “Still sleeping, not hurt.”

“Grun, help her get him to our infirmary. Let me know if there are any complications,” the large man ordered, and an orc nodded before stepping forward to help Shan move Dion. I stayed quiet until they were gone, but finally spoke up when it was just the oversized pirate, his human friend, and the woman who I had drugged.

“Look, Dion is fine, alright? He’ll wake up in twenty minutes with a bad hangover, and that part won’t even be my fault. Your boy was already drunk when I found him.”

“For fuck’s sake, Tee, please tell me you two weren’t drinking while you were supposed to be protecting your captain.” The big guy glared at the human and she shrank back.

“Um, Captain’s orders?”

“She ordered you to get drunk?”

“Sort of?” Tee tried. “Captain Nora ordered us to lighten up and have a good time. We thought she sent this asshole to help with that.”

I smiled sweetly at the woman. “You weren’t calling me an asshole earlier. In fact, I seem to remember something about you wanting to run away with me.”

“Shut up! What did you do with the captain?” she demanded, but the big guy put a hand on her shoulder to pull her back.

“Who are you? And why did you come back here?”

“A name for a name,” I countered. “Give me yours, and I’ll give you mine.”

“Seems like a fair trade.” The half giant crossed his arms with a prideful smile. “This here is Jax, my first mate, and I’m Captain Darrius Penn.” I blinked back at him, not entirely sure what to say.

“Come now, you can’t tell me that left you speechless,” Jax, who up till now had been silent, joked. “You just kidnapped a captain not twenty minutes ago.”

“Hold on, this was never a kidnapping,” I argued, then explained when Captain Penn gave me a disbelieving look. “Why would I still be here if we wanted to kidnap Nora? This is a negotiation tactic.”

“It’s Captain Nora. Use her damn title,” Tee demanded. “And seriously? A negotiation tactic? You expect us to believe that?”

I shrugged. “I don’t care what you believe, and I’m not about to start using a stolen title.”

Tee looked incensed, but Captain Penn spoke before she could tell me off. “That’s a serious accusation. It’s common knowledge that Leon was in the middle of a civil war with Nora when he was killed. What makes you so sure she wasn’t the one who did him in?”

“Because I killed Leo, and I did it on behalf of my captain, not her.”

Time seemed to slow around me, and my senses sharpened unexpectedly. I had no idea what was going on, but when I saw that Tee had been clearly reaching for the gun on her hip, I didn’t even stop to consider the consequences before tossing a conjured dagger towards the woman. The blade impacted her shoulder, and I raised my hands in the air as I released the spell, returning to the normal flow of time.

Tee pivoted to her right before falling to the ground and Captain Penn took a step back while Jax pulled a pistol and leveled it at me.

“Relax, she’ll survive. I just didn’t trust her to point a gun at me.” I glared at the human, who sheepishly looked up towards Penn.

“Captain?”

Penn silently sized me up before nodding. “Jax, check on Tee. Make sure she’s okay.”

“The fucker just stabbed me, of course I’m not okay,” the woman in question shouted from the ground.

“Got it.” Jax ignored her protests as he put his gun away to kneel down beside her. “It’s lodged in the bone, but there’s not much blood. I think they missed anything important.”

“I wouldn’t exactly call what I did ‘missing,’ but sure, we’ll go with that.” I lowered my hands now that it seemed like I wasn’t about to get shot. “If I wanted her dead, then she’d be dead.”

“I believe it, which is the only reason you’re still alive.” Penn narrowed his eyes at me, and I felt a chill run down my spine. “Now, if I’m not mistaken, you still owe me a name.”

I considered lying, but then decided that the truth was more intimidating. Besides, any lies would come out during the next step of Aoyama’s plan. “I’m Sora. An ex-syndicate agent trained by Mother herself. Now I’m working on Captain Virra’s crew.”

“Captain.” Jax looked up at Penn, who nodded.

“I know.”

“I take it my reputation precedes me?” I asked with a smile.

“No, that's not it. Your captain left a shuttle in one of our hangars,” Jax explained. “When she didn’t come back for it, I went searching. My search led me to Captain Aoyama, who told me in no uncertain terms that change was coming to Paradise, and that Virra would be the one to bring it about.”

“We can discuss Aoyama’s foretelling later,” Penn interjected. “Let’s focus on the fact that a sitting member of the council is still missing.”

“I wouldn’t worry about her. Either she’ll be back in a few moments to renounce her seat, or she’ll be dead.” There was really no way of saying that without sounding menacing, so I just embraced it.

Tee sat up while cradling her shoulder. “That’s… You’re joking… Captain Nora is going to die because of a mistake I made?”

“Don’t flatter yourself, sweetheart. If Nora dies, then it’ll be nobody’s fault but her own.”

“Be that as it may—” a whooshing sound interrupted Penn as a familiar djinn appeared in front of him with a very haggard, one-armed pirate. “Well, I’ll be damned. Nora, is there something you wanted to tell us?”

# 41: Syndicate Plots

Ithnaa

“What’s going on here?” I asked before Nora had a chance to respond to the half-giant’s question. Clearly, Sora had been busy while I was gone. Two men were standing across from them, blocking the exit while a woman was sitting on the ground with a dagger sticking out of her shoulder.

That meant there were six of us standing in the middle of a dirty public restroom. We were almost certainly still in the bar. But I was only able to see the area directly around Sora's token before I teleported in, so I couldn’t be sure.

“That’s precisely what we’re trying to figure out,” the human man protested. The way he was standing made him seem like the half-giant’s subordinate. So, it didn’t surprise me when the larger man spoke again with obvious authority.

“Nora, these people claim you weren’t the one behind Leon’s death. Is this true?”

He was ignoring me, which wasn’t something I tolerated well. So, I cast a silencing spell around Nora to stop her from answering. Then, because I didn’t think the woman bleeding on the floor mattered all that much, I directed my demands towards the two men. “We’ll get to that in a moment, but first tell me who you are and what you’re doing in here with Sora.”

The human didn’t look happy, and it seemed like the big guy was trying to decide whether he should answer my question or just try to kill me. He didn’t look weak, but I wasn’t worried. In fact, a part of me wanted to ask Sora to kill him, regardless of how he responded.

They still hadn’t discovered what spells they gained by becoming Kai’s paladin, and a life or death situation might be just the motivation they needed to find out.

“Ithnaa, this is Captain Darrius Penn, and his boy toy, Jax,” Sora stepped forward as they introduced the pair, quite possibly saving both of their lives. “Captain, boy toy, this is Ithnaa. She’s another member of our crew, and something of an acting captain at the moment. She’s also an ex-Syndicate lord, who sometimes forgets that threatening to kill people isn’t the only way to get what she wants.”

I looked at the brute in surprise. We’d been planning on dropping in on him after we finished dealing with Nora, but from the way Aoyama had described the captain, I had expected for him to be… I don’t know, smaller?

Well, regardless, he was here now, and there was still a chance we could salvage the situation. So I ended the silencing spell on Nora before swallowing my pride and apologizing. “Right, sorry. Old habits and everything. Perhaps we should go somewhere else to talk. We have a lot to discuss, and the public restroom in a bar isn’t exactly my first choice of venue when it comes to making decisions that could shape the future of the entire Network.”

“A bit dramatic, don’t you think?” Jax, the boy toy, asked.

“You might be surprised,” Nora muttered before straightening up and nodding towards the exit. “Come on, my booth is warded against eavesdropping and we’re going to want to go over this in private. Besides, I could really use a drink.”

“Are you sure you want to let these two off the hook so easily?” Penn asked, nodding towards me and Sora. He made it sound more like a vague warning than a question. The sort a teacher might give a student when they’re about to turn in a test with the wrong answers.

“Hey, if you want to try to punish them, then be my guest, but do it outside my territory. Because I don’t want to have to clean up the blood after Ithnaa tears your arm off,” she replied before turning towards me with a frown. “Speaking of which, is there any chance I could get that back? It was expensive, and I have a feeling it’s going to be a while before I have time to get fitted for another one.”

“Sure, I have no use for it.” I shrugged. “Besides, I think I remember where it landed, but it might still take me some time to find it. So, go ahead and order drinks without me. Sora knows what I like.”

I teleported away and appeared in an eerily quiet cave. It was pitch black, and the familiar wet, earthy aroma had combined with the metallic scent of blood to make the cave even more unpleasant than usual.

I conjured a dozen fist sized orbs of light and they shot out to illuminate the space. Which made it easier to see, but didn’t help with the unpleasantness. There had been nearly thirty denizens of my artificial purgatory before I brought Nora here, and now it was completely devoid of life.

She had killed them all while in complete darkness and missing her dominant arm. The sheer brutality of it had me impressed, but the aftermath was making it difficult to spot the missing limb.

Nora had proven to be surprisingly reasonable once she managed to calm down, and we had even discovered our interests aligned. Which was the only reason I was seriously considering sifting through gore to find her arm.

Thankfully, I managed to spot it before I had to dirty my robes. One quick cleaning spell later, and it looked as good as new. Well, not really, but it wasn’t covered in blood anymore, which was definitely an improvement.

This content has been misappropriated from Royal Road; report any instances of this story if found elsewhere.

With that problem solved, I mentally reached for Sora’s token and saw that they were just about to sit back down in the booth. I waited for everyone to be seated before I teleported to sit beside them and across from Penn and Nora.

The one-armed woman cursed, Penn went for his gun, and Sora just handed me one of the drinks they had been carrying. “Sorry, they didn’t have your favorite, but I think you’ll like this one.”

I set the arm on the table so I could take the glass of violet liquid and hesitantly sip it. The flavor was complex, but strangely delicious. Something like spiced blueberries mixed with ozone and just a hint of mint. “Oh, that is good. Thank you.”

“Does she do this often?” Penn asked, as he finally seemed to calm down. Which caused Sora to chuckle.

“All the time. You get used to it after a while.”

“If it’s all the same to you, I’d prefer not to be around her for that long.” Nora pulled her arm off the table and held it near her shoulder, causing a thick black cord to snake out and attach to it. The cord reeled back in, pulling the arm into place, and she rotated it experimentally. “Thanks for that, by the way. You just saved me a painful couple of weeks and an even more painful bill.”

“It was nothing.” I waved her off as I took another drink from my glass. “Think of it as the start of an apology for our ‘unconventional’ introduction.” I looked across at the two captains, then frowned. “Weren’t there more of you before I left?”

“I asked Penn to send Jax away with Tee. I’d like to limit the number of people who know what we’re about to discuss,” Nora explained. “At least until the council has a chance to make a decision.”

“Seems wise.” I nodded before taking another sip of my drink. “Would you like to explain things to Captain Penn, or should we?”

“No, I will. There’s some context you’re likely missing.” Nora leaned forward as she started explaining. “As you well know, Leon and I had a disagreement about how things were being run. At first, it was just a shouting match, but things escalated after he accused me of trying to poison him.”

“Did you?” Penn asked, and she shook her head.

“No, and I still don’t know exactly who did. My Crew didn’t really start to hate the guy until after he had three of our ships ambushed in retaliation. After that, war was basically inevitable.”

“Are you sure he was the one who ordered it?” I asked, and she shook her head.

“I was at the time, but now it seems pretty clear that somebody else was behind it.”

“Who?” Penn asked.

“The Syndicate,” Sora declared, which seemed to get the captain’s attention. So they continued. “It’s a basic destabilization tactic. Find the largest of your enemy’s factions and turn it in on itself, then fund both sides of the resulting war. Eventually, you pull in the other factions to keep the fighting going, but only after it’s become clear that one side is going to win.”

“It sounds like you’ve done this before,” Nora pointed out, and they shrugged.

“Sure, I did it twice before my fifteenth birthday. It was one of Mother’s favorite tricks.”

“It’s circumstantial at best.” Penn shook his head. “Half of Paradise works contract jobs for the Syndicate, and the other half pays tribute to them. If you want to convince anyone that they’re behind your war with Leon, then you’re going to need real, solid evidence.”

“That’s why I asked you to meet with me earlier. I have proof, and was planning on bringing it to the council, but I wanted to get your buy in first.”

Penn leaned back with a heavy sigh after hearing Nora’s explanation. “Alright, show me what you’ve got.”

 



 

Nora had briefly explained her situation before I teleported her back. So, reading through the evidence she provided wasn’t entirely unexpected, but the sheer volume of it was surprising. It took us well over two hours to go through the reports, and we didn’t even go over the financial records. We just didn’t need them.

Both Captain Leo and Nora had been in near constant communication with the Syndicate. Each received reports on the other’s movements and position, many of which were falsified to increase the scale of the impending engagement. At a glance, it seemed like the Syndicate had nearly doubled the casualties of any given battle by misrepresenting the combat strength of the opposing side.

It got to the point of being so glaringly obvious that Nora stopped acting on Syndicate intelligence all together. Even going so far as to refuse reinforcements during key conflicts. And because of that, she was losing. Badly. It would have only been a matter of weeks before the war ended, and not in her favor.

Although, in her defense, the deck was stacked heavily against her. She performed admirably considering that Leo didn’t have her hangups surrounding aid from the Syndicate. He gladly accepted their help anytime it was offered, and it was offered often.

“Alright, I’m convinced. It was the Syndicate,” Penn finally conceded. “But I still don’t understand how the two of you are involved.”

“My sister and I were sold to Captain Leo, and let’s just say he had some confusion as to how consent is supposed to work. I made sure the lesson stuck.”

“Fair enough, and you?” He looked towards me, and I explained.

“Those same people handed me over to Maymi, and Sora, along with my captain, came here to rescue me before she could hand me over to Mother.”

“Which is how Maymi ended up dead, and I managed to take over her territory without a fight,” Nora added. “But the more immediate concern is that Aoyama sent them here to ask me to yield my seat on the council.”

“Why does Aoyama want you to give up your seat?” Penn asked, and again, I explained.

“She wants to go to war against the Syndicate and doesn’t believe Nora is strong enough to back her. Besides, since Sora claimed killing Leo for our captain, Nora doesn’t actually have a claim.”

“Right, as your friend already said, but where is this ‘Captain Virra’? Why isn’t she disputing Nora’s claim herself?”

“Because she’s dead,” Sora responded. “Killed by Mother when we tried to assassinate her.”

He nodded, seemingly to himself more than anyone else. “Okay, I think I understand what Aoyama is playing at, and I think we need to call a council meeting before she has a chance.”

# 42: Stay Of Execution

Bryce

“Forgive me if I’m overstepping,” a masculine voice apologized. “But it seems prudent to point out that the subject is on the verge of a potentially lethal heart attack, and we’ve yet to put resurrection measures into place. If she’s killed now, then it will be several days before we can bring her back.”

“Fine,” Mother spat as she tore the barbed needle-like blade from my chest and stabbed it through the palm of my hand. I reflexively pushed against the restraints, which only caused more pain to flare as they bit into my skin. “Get her stabilized, then do whatever it is you need to ensure she can’t escape. Scour her soul while you’re at it. If you find anything related to rescuing Sora, then tell me immediately. Understand?”

“Yes, ma’am.”

I stopped hyperventilating some time later as the unnatural panic subsided, but even then, the pain didn’t stop. In fact, it only got worse as the haze lifted from my thoughts.

“Good. It looks like you’re cognitive.” A pale-skinned devil stepped into my peripheral vision. “Now, I’m going to remove your gag, and I suspect your first instinct may be to bite through your tongue so that you can drown in your own blood. I suggest you resist that urge to the best of your ability. I won’t allow you to die while under my care, and any attempt to end this session early will only cause you further discomfort. Do you understand?”

I nodded as best as I could while restrained, which seemed to be enough for the devil, because he reached forward to remove the metal gag. “There we go. Feel free to stretch your jaw, but I’d recommend against trying to speak.”

“H-how long?” I ignored the pain in my throat as I croaked out the question.

“You’ve been in our custody for just over thirty-seven hours.” The demon gave me a disappointed frown before disappearing from my view. “I know you have no reason to trust me, but I make my recommendations in the interest of keeping you as comfortable as the client allows. I suggest you follow them.”

“How noble of you.” I actually managed to cough out a laugh at the absurdity of that idea. “I don’t suppose your commitment to my comfort includes room service? All of this torture has me a bit peckish.”

“Unfortunately, your first death is scheduled to be of starvation. After that, you’ll be administered the minimum number of calories required to survive through a gastric tube.”

“Sounds delicious. Looking forward to it.”

“I assure you that it’s not,” he said as he stepped back into my field of vision. “Now, I removed your gag because I’ve been asked to scour your soul. Which means you have a choice to make.”

 “Lovely. I’ve had so few of those recently.” Blood had started to pool in my mouth, so I swallowed before continuing. “What are my options?”

“The process is somewhat technical, so I’ll try to keep it simple for you. I’m exceptionally good at what I do, and can be quite surgical when extracting information this way. If you can commit to not resisting, then it'll be over quickly with limited pain. Otherwise, I promise that this will be excruciating for you.”

I ignored his condescending tone as I tried to process what he was actually saying. It sounded like he was planning on trying to brute force his way into my soul without a spell. Unless I had severely underestimated him, that probably wasn’t going to work, but there was one way that I could be sure.

I pushed mana to my eyes the same way Tess had taught me. At first, nothing happened. So, I kept steadily increasing the mana until I eventually managed to overpower whatever magic suppression system was targeted at me.

The faintly glowing devil tilted his head quizzically. It seemed like whatever was suppressing my magic was making it difficult for me to detect mana, and I suspected that it worked both ways. Otherwise, I doubted this devil would have been nearly as confident. “Well? I would like confirmation before we get started.”

“Please, just make it quick.”

He nodded before stepping out of my vision. “I’ll do what I can to limit the pain, but I’m afraid this won’t be pleasant.”

He gently placed his hands on either side of my head and I tried to flinch away. Even this limited contact felt like razor-blades being dragged across my skin. “Wait!” He peered over me again with an expectant look. “Why didn’t Mother insist on doing this herself? It seems like something she’d enjoy.”

“Damaging a soul attracts unwanted attention. So, we require all clients to sign a contract stating that they’ll leave any procedures with that sort of risk to our staff.”

“She agreed to that?”

“She agreed after it became clear that we were the only group capable of retrieving you from Tess’s afterlife. Even then, she did so begrudgingly.”

“Does that mean you won’t let her destroy my soul when this is over?”

Ensure your favorite authors get the support they deserve. Read this novel on the original website.

“Unfortunately, the contract only stipulates what happens while in the institute. We have no control over what the client chooses to do while not on our premises. Which was something that Mother made us clarify several times before signing.”

“That doesn’t bode well for me, does it?” I asked, and he shook his head grimly before moving back out of my vision again.

“No, I’m afraid that it doesn’t, but that’s a concern for quite a few decades from now.” An icy dagger of mana stabbed into my mind before I could respond, and I pushed back on instinct. “Please, try not to resist. I promise it will be over soon.”

“Right back at you.” I shot a tendril of mana through the connection, wrapped it around his soul, and tore it free. He dropped dead, and I shattered it before pulling the fragments into myself. The power was invigorating, but the heightened senses, combined with whatever elixir Mother had given me, were nearly unbearable. Every sense that my body was processing seemed to trigger a pain reaction. It was as if my entire nervous system had been rewired to only experience one thing.

I took a long moment to rein in the pain, but once I managed to get ahold of myself, I used my newly soul-empowered strength to tear my right wrist free from the bolt pinning it to the table. Nothing about it was easy, but I managed not to scream long enough for whatever healing effect Mother had put on me to kick in.

Next, I pulled out the blade she had left in my palm and used it to start cutting through the restraints. It took longer than I would have liked, but eventually, the only thing keeping me on the table was the bolt in my left wrist. I bit down on the handle of the knife and pulled myself free. Again, only just managing not to scream even as darkness crept in on the edges of my vision.

“Fuck me.” I panted after I spat out the knife and finally took a moment to just take a damn breath. The room they had been keeping me in was smaller than I expected, maybe four meters long on any given wall, and the only furniture was the metal table I had been strapped to, along with a pair of matching trays on wheels. One of which held a series of neatly arranged needles, blades, and liquid-filled vials. The other had a similar array haphazardly tossed onto it with each implement still covered in my blood.

I looked away in an attempt to focus on the present before my mind was able to drag me back to a few of Mother’s more creative ‘punishments.’ It was barely more than a token effort. Everything was far too recent, and the risk of it happening again in the near future was much too real.

So, instead, I did my best to direct the panic into action by pushing myself off the table and limping toward the heavy metal door across from me. It was unlocked, thank the gods, but pulling it open made me realize how idiotic I was acting. I had almost no information about where I was, and blindly rushing into the middle of everything was probably going to be the fastest way for me to end up right back where I started.

I closed my eyes and focused on slowing my heart while trying to think of any sort of plan. Unfortunately, the more I thought about it, the more getting caught felt inevitable. I had very little idea of where I was, or who was holding me.

Even if I did somehow manage to escape, what little I knew of this ‘institute’ made them seem like the type to have some sort of tracking spell focused on me. Or hells, they could just have a vial of my blood hidden away somewhere. Gods knew I had given up plenty of it already.

None of that meant I shouldn’t at least try to escape—after all, my situation really couldn’t get much worse—it just meant that I needed a contingency plan in place first. After a minimum amount of thought, I figured that the first step of any contingency plan needed to be contacting somebody to let them know what happened. The only question was: who do I try to contact?

The answer, unfortunately, put me in the exact same situation I had found myself in when Mother killed me the first time. I could either send a message to Tess, and she’d no doubt try to bring me back to her afterlife, or Thea and have her rush in blindly to save me.

Okay, maybe the situation wasn’t exactly the same. Mother had already proven her ability to reach me in Tess’s afterlife, but at the same time, I had no idea what the goddess would do if I managed to escape. Nobody was supposed to return from her afterlife, and I knew things—dangerous things—that she no doubt didn’t want getting out.

I put that thought aside for the moment. What Tess did or didn’t do after I escaped wasn’t relevant right now, so I focused on the alternative. Thea. 

It was pure cowardice, but I hated the idea of her coming after me. I was barely holding it together as it was, and the idea of having to watch Mother do to her what she had done to me was… it was too much. It would break me. If I ever managed to escape, then I was going to have to beg her for forgiveness, but, again, that wasn’t an issue to deal with right now.

Having just eliminated the two obvious choices, I branched out to less obvious ones. Technically, I knew three other gods that weren’t Tess, but I quickly eliminated them as options. Frankly, I didn’t think I could trust Chorus to not tell Tess immediately, and besides, I wasn’t sure if he was strong enough to fight Mother on his own.

Kai was another option, but she had the opposite problem. She was too strong and far too unpredictable. If she visited the lower planes, where I was presumably being held, then there was no way people wouldn’t notice. Plus, I didn’t quite trust her not to accidentally kill me while fighting.

Then there was the prince of the hells. Orrid was an absolute wild card. I had only really met him once, and during that meeting, he nearly killed me just because he thought it would irritate Lilith. Maybe I could manipulate him into fighting Mother, but that was far from a guarantee. Besides, that gave me a different idea.

As far as I was aware, I was still a member of Lilith’s household. She had direct connections to at least two of the demon princes, and unless she had already managed to wriggle her way out of the title, she was a duchess of Hel. That felt like exactly the sort of political power I needed right now. And if that wasn’t enough, well then, at least I knew she was capable of keeping a secret from Thea.

I nodded to myself to firm my resolve before I started casting a message spell. Whatever was dampening the magic in the room was going to be irritating, but I was confident in my ability to overpower it with just raw mana. So, once I formed the spell, I dumped far more than I thought was necessary into it and… cursed as it failed.

It took an embarrassingly long time for me to realize why the stupid spell hadn’t worked. During our meeting with Mother, Tess had ‘unlocked an innate talent for meta magic in me.’ Which meant I was now a natural caster, and would need to adjust every damn spell I knew to account for the changes to my mana. Don’t get me wrong, it would absolutely be a gift eventually, but right now, it didn’t feel that way.

Even with the messaging spell being one of the simplest I knew, it would be a miracle if I managed to get it working before I was discovered. So, I disguised a short curse as a prayer to Tess before quickly getting to work on the modifications.

# 43: The Duchess

Lilith

“And for goodness’ sake, would somebody please wake up the duchess already? This was supposed to be for her benefit.”

I opened my eyes to glare at the indignant countess. She shrank back into her chair and the commotion slowly died off as the dozen or so demons seated around the table realized the faux pas. Nobody in the room respected me, not really, but the moment they stopped pretending to recognize the authority behind my title was the moment their own titles stopped meaning anything.

“My benefit?” I stood up with enough force to knock my chair over. “We’ve been here for four goddamn hours and this is the first time any of you blood sucking worms have even deigned to acknowledge me. So, if this truly is for my benefit, then let’s drop this act and actually address the issues at hand. Then just maybe we could make a real fucking difference for the people who desperately need it.”

The room was completely still, and the nobles stared back at me in either shock or offense. All of them except for one, who was grinning in amusement.

“I believe that Duchess Lilith is feeling a bit under the weather.” Rose stepped forward from the back of the room to interject. “Perhaps it would be best if we reconvened at another time.”

“No. I think the duchess is of perfectly sound mind,” Count Devos argued, still grinning at me. “And she’s right. Hel hasn’t had a single impactful change since the last council was dissolved nearly eight millennia ago. We’ve grown complacent. Stagnated by infighting. Left behind by any measurable standard. We’re the laughingstock of the lower planes, and that’s not going to change until we do.”

I glared at the man. “Count Devos, I don’t need—”

Lilith, this is Bryce. I don’t know how much time I have, so I’ll be quick. Mother contracted with a service in the hells to resurrect me. They called themselves ‘the institute.’ I’m about to try to escape, but I don’t know anything about where I’m being kept. They won’t kill me if I’m caught, but this may be the last message I can send. Please, if there’s no way to get to me, then don’t tell Thea.

“Duchess, you don’t need what?” the count asked, and I latched onto Bryce’s messaging spell, keeping the connection open while I replied.

“I don’t need to be here for this.” I squared my shoulders and put as much authority into my voice as I could manage before continuing. “Every single one of you is to remain here until a new council is formed. I’ll be back by the end of the week. If there are any conflicts left unresolved at that point, I’ll deal with them my way.”

I ignored the shouting as I stomped out of the room. Rose followed me, closing the door behind us to cut off the noise. It looked like she was about to say something, but I held up a finger in order to finally respond to Bryce’s message.

Don’t try to escape by yourself. You’ll never make it out without being discovered. Find a place to lie low, and wait for us. Use your concealment spell if you can, but send me another message before you do. I’ll hold the connection open and use it to track you. Stay safe, Bryce. Help is on the way.

I’ll try. Thank you, Lilith.

I latched onto the connection again and secured it before finally addressing the patiently waiting dryad. “I just received a message from Bryce. She’s being held against her will somewhere in the lower planes. Ne’ara, from the feel of it.”

“Thea’s girlfriend? I thought she was in Tess’s afterlife.”

“That’s what Chorus told us, but it seems like the woman who is after her managed to find a way around it.”

“This can’t possibly end well,” Rose pointed out the obvious, and I agreed with her, so she continued. “Is there any reason not to simply contact Tess and have her solve this problem for us? She tends to take things like this personally.”

The author's tale has been misappropriated; report any instances of this story on Amazon.

“She’ll insist on taking Bryce back to her afterlife.”

“Which she will do, regardless.”

“Not if Bryce ascends first. A mantle would prevent her from being sent to an afterlife on death, and any secrets she might have already learned would hopefully be irrelevant at that point, because as a goddess, she would be permitted to know them.”

“You’re grasping.” Rose frowned at me, but continued before I could object. “You have no way of knowing what she learned in the afterlife. Even if you did, and it was all somehow safe knowledge, Bryce would have failed her candidacy when she died. Now, in order to ascend, she’ll need to attract the attention of an entirely different mantle. A mortal attracting the attention of a single mantle in their lifetime is exceedingly rare. Two is all but impossible.”

“Except she already has,” I responded with a smile, and Rose blinked back at me. “I can feel it in the connection that I’m holding open. It’s barely anything at this point. In fact, she probably hasn’t even noticed it yet, but it's there.”

“How is that possible?”

“I don’t know. I’m not exactly an expert on the topic,” I admitted. “My best guess is that multiple mantles were on the verge of considering her before one made her a candidate. Now she’s done something while in captivity to attract the attention of whichever didn’t win out the first time around.”

“I still think this is a bad idea,” Rose continued to argue. “You must realize that one life isn’t worth making an enemy of the most powerful being in existence. Even if that weren’t the case, the elf already chose to go to Tess’s afterlife. Who's to say she doesn't want to return?”

“I won’t force Bryce to do anything, but she’s still a member of our household, and that means we’re going to do our best to ensure she can at least make that choice for herself. Besides, I hardly consider Tess to be the most powerful being in existence. She may be the goddess of magic, but she’s still only a human.”

“A human who is older than every living demon prince combined,” she countered, and I smiled back at her.

“But not older than me. Did I ever tell you about the time I spared her life?”

“Gods forbid you ever let anyone forget it.” The poor dryad let out a resigned breath before finally nodding. “Fine. What do you want me to do?”

“Stay here and keep the nobility in line. Don’t let them out unless they have a workable solution, or there’s only one of them left alive.”

“Orrid isn’t going to be happy if you kill off all of your vassals.” She gave me a disapproving look, but I waved it off.

“He should have thought about that before leaving me in charge, besides they all have heirs. If we can’t get peace with this batch, then we’ll do it with the next.” My smile grew sinister, and she rolled her eyes at me.

“And yet, you wonder where your reputation comes from.”

“It really is a mystery, isn’t it? Now, if you’ll excuse me, I have an old protégé to contact and a half-dozen favors to call in.”

 



 

“Ne’ara? You’re certain that’s where she is?” the mass of living shadow asked. Tymrit always did have a flair for the dramatic, but still, was it too much to ask that his manifestations have a face? It felt unnerving talking to a formless void.

“Far from it. Which is why I need you to make sure she’s there before I reach out to Prince Al’kais and start making accusations.” The shadow didn’t respond, and the silence dragged on for far too long. “Tymrit, what aren’t you telling me?”

“Tess activated one of my agents yesterday without talking to me first. When I confronted her about it, she said there was something in the lower planes she needed retrieved. She seemed furious, so I didn’t pry any further.”

“Can you call back your agent?” I asked, already knowing the answer.

“Not without Tess knowing that it was me. I’m sorry, Lilith, but I’m already on thin ice with her and I’m not willing to give up my mantle for this.”

“It’s alright, I understand. Can you at least confirm Bryce’s location for me?”

“I can do that much,” he assured me, before continuing with a mischievous undertone. “Although you’ve been out of the game for a while. I can’t promise anything if it comes down to a race between you and an agent I trained myself.”

“Truly? How could you have so little faith in me?” A smile crept up on my face as a wave of nostalgia washed over me. “Should we bet on it?”

“The usual?” he asked, and I nodded in agreement.

“The usual. I’ll see you in Hel when all of this is over.”

“I doubt it.” The shadow dissipated with an ominous chuckle, and I turned to leave. It wouldn’t take long for Tymrit to confirm whether or not Bryce was in Ne’ara, which meant I needed to be ready to meet with Prince Al’kais the moment I got word back from him.

# 44: Attempted Escape

Bryce

I breathed a sigh of relief after sending Lilith the last message. She was keeping the connection open, just like she said she would, and was even going out of her way to make sure I felt her at the back of my mind. Which was definitely something I appreciated, despite having every intention of ignoring her advice to lie low.

If this ‘institute’ managed to bring me back while in Tess’s afterlife, then I didn't think I would be safe until I figured out how they were tracking me.

With that being said, I wasn’t about to just waltz out into the open while covered in blood and wearing the scraps of cloth that were once my clothing. I needed to at least have some level of deniability if I were caught. So, I moved over to the lifeless devil and started stripping him.

He was a bit taller than me, and his clothes had obviously been tailored for a man, but they would fit well enough to fool somebody at a distance. First, though, I needed to do something about, well, me. Mother hadn’t exactly kept my dignity in mind while she was tearing into me the last couple of days, and what was left of my outfit couldn’t really be called clothing.

Oddly, the lack of coverage was something of a relief, since anything touching my skin felt excruciating. Which meant this next part was going to suck. I stripped down as delicately as I could, only hissing in pain a couple dozen times, and then got started on the next step of my plan. Dealing with the blood.

Cleaning magic was one of the earliest types that I had taught myself when I was first learning to cast. Not to say that it was necessarily the easiest type to learn, just that as a child, I really liked magic and really hated having to waste time cleaning. Thankfully, I still felt that way, and had cast my preferred cleaning spell countless times over the years. Which allowed me to convert it to use my new mana in only a few minutes.

Once that was done, and I was no longer covered in my own blood, I started changing into the devil’s black and red uniform. Mentally, I knew that the fabric touching my skin wasn’t doing any actual damage, but that didn’t change the fact that wearing it felt like I was burning alive.

Or the fact that I had no idea how long it had been since Mother left. Unsurprisingly, my implants weren’t working, and I seriously didn’t trust my mental state enough to guess at how much time had passed. The safest bet was to assume that Mother could return any second. Which meant I needed to leave as soon as possible. So, I let out a slow, shaky breath before straightening my back and confidently stepping through the door.

Clearly, whoever was running this place was trying to give it an air of legitimacy, because it felt like I had just stepped through a portal into the warmly lit hall of an elegant hotel. The walls were a deep crimson with delicate golden designs, and an exotic looking black wood covered the exterior of the doors.

I could see three other rooms from where I stood, but since the one nearest mine was labeled as twenty-seven, it felt fair to assume there were more around the corner. Incidentally, I had been in room twenty-six, and I could see twenty-five on the wall across from me further down the hall. I now had a choice to make, and as far as I could tell, there was no clear answer.

Either I could go right, where the numbers were descending, and I assumed the exit would be, or I could go left. Deeper into this nightmare.

It should have been obvious, but going directly towards the exit felt like the quickest way to get caught, and there was no guarantee that there would be a way out in the other direction. To complicate things further, I didn’t just need to get away. I also needed to be certain that I wouldn’t end up back here after I left, which meant making sure they didn’t have a way to track me.

I resigned myself to going deeper into the ‘hotel’ when I heard a pair of voices coming from that direction. I fought against the panic, and carefully pulled the door closed behind me as I stepped across the hall and pushed through the door labeled twenty-seven. That might have seemed like a strange thing to do, but that’s only because it very much was.

In retrospect, I could have just gone back into the room I came from and waited for whoever was coming to pass, but the very idea of being trapped in there again repulsed me. Which was why I was now standing in a nearly identical room across from a very confused devil.

“How did you—oh shit, you killed him,” she cursed, and I closed the door before rushing across the room to push her against the wall and cover her mouth.

If you discover this tale on Amazon, be aware that it has been unlawfully taken from Royal Road. Please report it.

“Listen to me very carefully, because I’m not about to repeat myself.” Speaking still tore at my throat, but I pushed through the pain as I glared into the terrified woman’s black eyes. “There’s some information I need, and you can either give it to me or I can rip the answers directly from your soul. Nod if you understand.” She nodded, so I continued. “I’m going to let go of your mouth so you can talk, but if you do anything I don’t like, then I’m going to kill you the same way I killed your friend. Understand?” She nodded again, so I let go of her mouth, but still held her against the wall.

“Tyris was my brother, not my friend.” She spat at me, and I wiped it off my face without losing eye contact.

“He was a sadist and deserved exactly what he got.” I pushed a thread of mana through my arm and into her chest, then wrapped it tightly around her soul. “Now, tell me what I have to do to make sure whoever is running this place can’t find me after I escape.”

“There’s nothing you can do.” She laughed at me. “Even if you somehow make it out of here, then we can just summon you back. Tess’s wards can’t even hide you from us. Besides, it’s not like she’d accept you back in her afterlife, anyway. Not after what we’ve done to you.”

“What did you do?”

“We carved runes into your bones before we resurrected you. The ones on your spine should’ve activated by now, searing an entirely different set directly onto your soul.”

“Oh? Is that it?” I smiled at the devil. “And here I was worried I’d have to go searching.”

I closed my eyes and turned my senses inward to inspect the damage. Obviously, I couldn’t see anything physical like this, but the runework on my bones was so extensive that I could make out nearly my entire skeleton. The runes themselves were so densely packed that it was impossible to see any individual spell. Then there was the enchantment on my soul.

The good news was that I could actually read that one, and the bad news was that meant I had a general sense of what it did, and from what I could see, it was nasty. The enchantment itself had two parts, the first was designed to inflict crippling pain if my soul got separated from my body, and the second would act as a beacon to the caster, making it easy for them to summon me no matter where I was. It worked kind of like one of Ithnaa’s tokens, but dialed up to eleven.

On top of all of that, there were at least four separate wards designed to prevent me from dispelling the damn thing while it was inside my body. Triggering any one of them would alert the caster and likely activate a summoning circle in a dungeon somewhere.

Then, just to make matters worse, it seemed like the runes on my bones would just recreate the enchantment if I somehow dispelled it. The entire system was fiendish.

“Well? Like what you see?” the devil asked. I could hear the sneer in her voice. “Prince Al’kais’s work is unparalleled. I don’t care how close you are to divinity. There’s no way you’re getting past his runes.”

“A demon prince did this?” I asked without opening my eyes. I had a few ideas already, but I would only get one shot, so I didn’t want to rush it.

“That’s right. Now, do you realize how fucked you are?”

“Purely out of curiosity, does Prince Al’kais know that I’m a member of Lilith’s household?” She didn’t answer, so I opened my eyes to see her worried expression. “Well? Does he?”

“It doesn’t matter,” she said, completely unable to hide her concern. “Lilith can’t leave Hel. She won’t save you.”

I chuckled to myself as I closed my eyes and went back to studying the enchantment. I had only brought up Lilith’s name because of her past relationship with Orrid and of how highly Lady Tenebris seemed to regard her.

Those were the only two demon princes that I had ever met, and they both not only knew Lilith, but seemed to respect her on some level. I had hoped that meant Prince Al’kais would too, but based on this devil’s reaction, it seemed like her name carried even more weight than I thought.

“You’re right, she won’t,” I admitted, as I started spinning millions of microscopic tendrils of mana all along my meridians and assigned them to search out an individual rune carved into my bones. Then I took the thread I still had wrapped around the devil’s soul and linked it to the spell seared into my own. Finally, I opened my eyes and smiled as I finished my response. “Because she won’t have to. Tell Prince Al’kais that I’m coming for him next.”

All at once, I tore the runes from my bones and slipped the spell off my soul, transferring it to the devil before dispelling it. Her eyes went wide, but she disappeared before she could scream.

I fell forward, panting, as I braced myself against the wall. That had taken a lot out of me, and almost certainly would have been impossible before Tess messed with my mana.

Even with the goddess’s gift, I doubted that I would have been able to pull it off if the enchantments weren’t literally inside my body. That, combined with having a convenient disposable soul nearby, created a perfect storm of sorts that Al’kais never could have predicted.

Speaking of the prince, I had probably just teleported one of his minions right to him. Which meant it was only a matter of time before he raised the alarm, and regardless of what I had told the devil, I really wasn’t looking to fight a demon prince in my condition.

So, I turned to leave. But as I did, I finally noticed a very familiar djinn strapped to the table in the middle of the room and rushed over to free her. “Damnit, Ithnaa, what are you doing here?”

# 45: The Agent And The Assassin

Bryce

“Take it slow,” I warned as I helped Ithnaa sit up. She was in a miserable state; covered in barely healed scars, and pale from blood loss. “We can’t wait around here, but we’re both fucked if you pass out now.”

“I’ll be fine. Just give me a moment, please.” She spun around to dangle her legs off the table, then took a few deep breaths, seemingly to center herself. “Alright, where am I? What’s the situation?”

“Mother contracted with a demon prince to keep me from Tess,” I explained, then continued with a confused frown. “I was told that she wasn’t happy about the contract she had to sign in order to make that happen. So, I have no idea why you’re here instead of in Mother’s own dungeon.”

“It’s because I’m disposable,” she said matter-of-factly, as if that were just the natural order of things. “If I had to guess, she wanted to try the facilities before she signed anything, or maybe just wanted something to do nearby until you got here. Which could explain why I haven’t seen her in a while.”

“Well, we’ll just have to show Mother what happens when she underestimates you.” I smiled at her, but she just stared back at me expressionlessly. “Anyway, did you need longer to recover? Or are you ready to head out?”

“I don’t know.” She lowered herself off the table and took a cautious step forward. “I think I’m okay to walk, but not quickly. I’m sorry.”

“That’s alright,” I assured Ithnaa as I took her arm and moved to support her. “We can take it slow, but we have to keep moving. Hopefully, if we can find you some food, then your nanites will kick in.”

“Nanites don’t work well with my biology. Mana might help though, if you can spare some. It wouldn’t take much for me to be able to walk on my own.”

I paused after hearing her explanation. Djinn biology was one of the things I had spent a significant amount of time reading about while in Tess’s afterlife, and as far as I knew, nanites shouldn’t have any issues with it. That, combined with the uncharacteristic meekness, had me questioning things.

“I’m sorry, I completely forgot to introduce myself. I’m Bryce.” I prepared to defend myself as I waited for her to respond.

“I know who you are, Captain Virra,” she admitted, still in Ithnaa’s voice. “Mistress Suhali told me about your plan and then died trying to protect me when it failed.”

“For what little it’s worth, I’m sorry for my part in that,” I apologized, but didn’t relax. It sounded like she blamed me for Suhali’s death. Which was entirely fair, since I did, too.

“Please, captain, I’m not going to attack you. I loved my mistress, but she knew what she was doing when she chose to help with your plan,” she explained with a weak chuckle. “Besides, it’s not like I have the energy to hate you right now.”

“Well, maybe we can fix that.” There was still a chance that she could betray me, but I wasn’t about to leave her to die, and besides, I could use all the help I could find. So, I pushed a decent amount of mana into the girl, and she immediately moved her weight off my arm as she stood taller. “Feel better?”

“Much. Thank you.” Her body shimmered, and the next thing I knew, the devil who had been teleported away just moments ago was standing in front of me. “I mean no disrespect to Lord Ithnaa, but this form seems like it could be more useful. Oh, I’m Marcel, by the way. A changeling, if that wasn’t clear.”

“It’s a pleasure to meet you, Marcel.” I smiled at her, and would’ve offered to shake her hand, if not for how much I knew it would hurt. “Now, what do you say we get out of here?”

“I don’t mean to overstep.” Marcel hesitated, so I urged her to continue. “Your aura is going to make sneaking around difficult. Is there anything you can do about it before we go?”

“Aura? What do you—shit,” I cursed as I realized what she meant. The damn mantle was back, and I hadn’t even realized it. To make matters worse, the only real thing of note that I’d done since getting resurrected was shatter and consume a devil’s soul. There was no way that this was going to end well for me. “I’ll need to cast a concealment spell. That means I need time to modify it to work with my new mana.”

“How much time?” Marcel asked. She looked nervous, which was completely reasonable considering the circumstances.

“Maybe fifteen or twenty minutes to modify it, then another few to cast it?” I guessed. “It’s a complicated spell, but one that I’ve had a lot of practice with recently.”

She seemed to think for a moment, then nodded to herself. “If I may make a suggestion?”

“Marcel, you and I are in this together and I’m beyond out of my depth here. If you have any suggestions, then you don’t need to ask before making them.”

“Um, alright. I was thinking that you could wait here while I go find a safe place for you to modify your spell. Then we can leave together after you’ve finished.”

“Okay, sure, but please be fast, and most importantly, be careful. I don’t want to hang around here for longer than strictly necessary, but if you end up dead, then my chances of survival drop drastically.”

This book was originally published on Royal Road. Check it out there for the real experience.

“I’ll try,” she promised before cracking open the door to peer around the corner, then stepping out into the hall.

I didn’t think she was going to be gone long enough for me to actually make a dent in modifying my concealment spell, and I didn’t want to start only to be interrupted. So, instead, I used the time to focus on a different spell. My mana blade.

Not only was the syntax much simpler, but the very concept fit perfectly with my new talent. Honestly, there was a very real chance that I’d be able to create a similar effect without even casting, and I wanted to try that before modifying the original spell. So, I concentrated mana into the palm of my hand, then visualized the saber exactly as I remembered it. The end result was… disappointing.

“Impressive,” an unknown feminine voice startled me out of my head, and I looked up to see an androgynous demon standing in the room with me. They were wearing tight-fitting armor that moved like it was made of living shadows. They definitely didn’t look like they worked for the prince, which meant they had to be with either Lilith or Mother. Thankfully, Lilith seemed far more likely, but I mentally prepared to defend myself regardless.

“I’d hardly call it impressive,” I admitted as I dismissed the bright green saber. “The edge was duller than I would’ve liked. The blade was too brittle, and the entire thing was much too light. I take it that you’re not one of the prince's agents?”

“Well, it’s impressive none-the-less, and no, I’m not with Prince Al’kais. Your goddess asked me to retrieve you. So, here I am retrieving you.”

That was definitely better than them working for Mother, albeit not by much. I obviously didn’t want to return to Tess’s afterlife if I didn’t have to, but that didn’t necessarily mean I couldn’t use this demon’s help.

“Does that mean you have a way to get me out of here?” I asked, and they reluctantly nodded.

“I do, but I’m afraid you might not like it.”

I chuckled grimly as I realized what they meant. “You’re planning on killing me, aren’t you?”

“I am, but first I need to make sure you’ll end up where you’re supposed to be.” They gave me a pointed look. “Do you know if Prince Al’kais put any precautions in place to prevent that?”

“He did,” I answered honestly. “And undoing them would be well beyond the ability of most practitioners.”

“You already undid them, didn't you?” they asked with a raised eyebrow, and when I hesitated, they switched to a scowl. “Please don’t lie to me. This job has already been far more complicated than I usually like, and if you’re not willing to cooperate, then it’s going to get very unpleasant for you.”

 “I removed them,” I admitted.

“Thank you for your honesty.” They materialized a thin jet-black blade as they strutted towards me. “I promise you won’t feel a thing.”

They disappeared an arms-length away, and I rolled forward to avoid the attack as they reappeared behind me. It hadn’t exactly been the best tactical move, since I was now on the ground looking up at the demon, but I was still alive, which was probably a victory. If only a short-lived one.

“This doesn’t exactly feel like cooperating,” they astutely pointed out as they glared down at me.

“Yeah, well, I don’t exactly feel like dying.” I inched backwards until I felt the wall and used it to help myself stand while keeping the demon in my line of sight. “Is there any chance I could convince you to just walk away?”

“Not likely,” they responded as they circled around to my left to stand in front of the door. “No offense, but you’re somewhat less intimidating than Tess.”

“Are you sure?” I summoned my mana blade back, and was pleasantly surprised when it was nearly as sharp as my original. The weight was still off, and it was probably still too brittle, but progress was progress. “I devoured the soul of a fairly powerful devil in order to escape, and that wasn’t the first time I’ve done something like that. What’s the worst Tess is going to do? Kill you?”

“Okay, I’ll admit that's a little intimidating.” The demon hesitated, so I took a half-step towards them, but they held their ground while maintaining eye-contact. “Of course, that only matters if you’re alive long enough to do it.”

They still didn’t make a move towards me, which felt off. So, I pushed mana into my eyes and saw through the illusion. I quickly looked to my right, but then dodged to the left as I saw the blade swing for my head. I countered, stabbing through where the demon’s torso should be. My blade passed through their armor up to my wrist, and my hand was covered in a thin layer of ice when I pulled it out. Meanwhile, they were completely unharmed.

“That’s a neat trick.” I switched my sword to my right hand while I flexed my dominant one. The ice broke off easily enough, but it was still numb. Thankfully, arcane casting had made me mostly ambidextrous, but nearly all of the practice I had done with my sword had been left-handed. Which was going to make this even more difficult.

“First time seeing void cloth?” they asked, still mostly invisible. “I wouldn’t recommend touching it.”

“Thanks, I’ll keep that in mind,” I muttered as I pushed more mana into my eyes to bring the demon into focus. “Now that I can see you, would you perhaps be willing to reconsider walking away? I promise to tell Tess that you tried.”

They grinned back at me. “I don’t think so. You’re already down a hand, and no offense, but your footwork is a bit lacking.”

“And if I promise to shatter your soul after I kill you?” I threatened, not entirely sure if it was a bluff or not.

“In that case, I better make sure I kill you first.” They darted forward, thrusting towards my shoulder. I swatted their blade aside with my own while stepping away from the attack. They twisted their body in an impossible way to slam a dagger into my thigh. I cried out in pain, and they followed up by slashing a bloody line across my back.

I pulled the dagger out of my thigh and tossed it across the room. The wound was bleeding heavily, but my nanites would stop the flow quickly enough. At least, that’s what I hoped as I squared off with the demon again.

“Okay, maybe killing you won’t be as easy as I thought,” I admitted as I saw the door quietly open behind the demon. I continued, praying that they wouldn’t notice. “How about we call this a draw, and we both go our separate ways?”

“You’re persistent, I’ll give—”

I stepped into them, swinging my sword with all of my might directly at theirs. My blade shattered, proving to be exactly as brittle as I worried it was, so I dismissed it to grab the demon’s wrist where their armor ended.

Their eyes went wide with fear as I pushed my mana into them to cancel their invisibility spell. They conjured a blade in their free hand, but Marcel caught it before they could stab me again. She then pushed the dagger I had thrown across the room into the side of the demon’s neck. I let go of their wrist to summon a new mana blade, then used it to remove their head in a single swiping motion. They fell to the ground, and I turned to the changeling, still panting.

“Thanks for the assistance.”

“Of course.” She looked down at the dead demon. “Um, who was that, exactly?”

# 46: The Council Chambers

Thea

“How much longer are they going to make us wait?” I asked as I slouched further into the uncomfortable chair. Sora, Ithnaa and I were sitting in a small room just outside the council’s chambers on Paradise waiting for them to let us in. It was super boring.

“I have no idea, but hopefully not much longer,” Ithnaa answered from where she was sitting across from me. “Thanks for coming with us Thea, and I’m sorry it’s not as exciting as you hoped it would be.”

“It’s a meeting of the most dangerous pirates on the mortal plane,” I complained, again. “And yet, all they’re doing in there is talking! Somebody needs to teach them how to pirate.”

“Maybe you should teach them,” Softie remarked, and I sat up quickly.

“Maybe I will.”

“Thea." Ithnaa gave me a look, and I sank back into the seat. “You said it yourself that these people are dangerous, and your pact with Sora doesn’t provide you with nearly enough power to challenge them.”

“Yeah, I know. I’m not going to try to fight them, but come on, how many times in your life do you get a chance to beat up pirate royalty?” She stared back at me with a blank expression, and I rolled my eyes at her. “Okay, fine. How many times am I going to get the chance?”

“You know what? She’s right,” Softie told Ithnaa before turning back to look at me. “Thea, I will personally make sure you have the opportunity to fight a pirate king before we leave Paradise.”

“Thank you, Softie. I’m glad somebody is taking this seriously.” I pouted at Ithnaa, who gave Softie an exasperated look.

“I don’t understand how Bryce managed you two. You’re completely insufferable together.”

The room went quiet, and Softie gave me a concerned look, but I just waved them off. “I’m not going to break down every time she comes up in conversation. I’m fine. I promise.”

Softie didn’t seem convinced, and looked like they were about to say something, but was interrupted by the door opening.

Jax, Captain Penn’s human, and the guy who met us when we first landed on Paradise, poked his head in. “Alright, they’re ready for you.”

“We’ll talk about this later, okay?” Softie asked as they stood up and made to leave the room. I shrugged as I did the same.

“Sure, but I’m telling you I’m fine.”

They were holding open the door, but stepped in front of me when I tried to walk through. “I know you’re fine, but maybe we could fix your mascara before going out there?”

 “My mascara?”

They batted away my wrist before I could wipe my eyes. “Careful, you’ll make it worse.”

“I didn’t realize that I had been crying.”

“That’s okay.” They pulled out a small damp cloth and started gently wiping at my eyes. “I have some you can borrow that won’t run, no matter how much you cry. Trust me, I know from experience. Here, burn this.”

They handed me the newly darkened cloth, and I incinerated it while they pulled out a new tube of mascara. “Thanks, Softie, and I know I haven’t exactly been pulling my weight since we got back. So, thanks for taking care of that, too.”

“This is the least that we owe you.” They chuckled to themself distractedly as they finished fixing my makeup. “Besides, I happen to like having you around.”

“Well, good. Because I like being around.”

“I’m glad.” They smiled at me as they closed the lid on the mascara. “Now, we should probably go join Ithnaa in the council’s chamber. She can be a little impatient with people she deems beneath her.”

“A council of pirate kings is beneath her?” I asked with a grin as I followed them out of the room.

“Oh? You didn’t know?” They teased without looking back at me. “Ithnaa is a djinn, which means everyone is beneath her.”

“Please tell me she hasn’t said that,” I laughed.

“On more than one occasion,” they explained as we came to a stop outside a finely carved wooden door. “But she’s usually joking, or at least that's what she says. Personally, I think she really believes it. Ready to go in?”

I smiled up at them. “Sure. I mean, if Ithnaa is going to offend a bunch of dangerous pirates, then we might as well be there to watch, right?”

“My thoughts exactly.” They pushed through the door, and as if on cue, we heard our favorite djinn shouting.

Ithnaa was standing in the middle of what looked like the bridge of a massive capital ship. The council was spread out around the room in fancy thrones, maybe an arms-length from each other. Then to top off everything, because the literal thrones weren’t dramatic enough, the entire back wall was just gone. The chamber opened up into the Aether and the center of Paradise.

Staring into the webwork of repurposed ships floating through the purple haze of the Aether was, well, distracting. I kind of just froze up after entering, but was quickly pulled out of it by more of Ithnaa’s shouting.

You could be reading stolen content. Head to the original site for the genuine story.

“You’re intentionally missing the point. There’s no preventing the war, because it’s already begun. The Syndicate made the first move when they turned Captain Leon against Nora. Now, you can either retaliate together or be ground to dust apart.”

“To clarify, I’m in no way proposing that we ignore the slight,” a beautiful dark elven woman growled from on top of a silver throne with comfortable looking purple cushions. I had never met her, but based on Captain Aoyama’s description, I was pretty sure that she was Fiona. “I simply don’t believe that we can win in a direct conflict. Not against the entire Syndicate.”

“And when have you ever been in a direct conflict?” a monster of a man asked. This had to be Penn, but Aoyama had left out a few rather important details when describing him. The only reason I recognized him was because Jax was standing behind his throne, which looked like it was made of a single chunk of obsidian. The throne, not Jax. He still looked human. “Nora, Dimitri, and I will handle any large-scale conflicts.”

“Will I?” an ancient-looking goblin asked. At least, I’m pretty sure he was a goblin. He looked like a lump of green wrinkles that somebody had rolled in a pile of white hair. Regardless, this had to be Dimitri, and he had by far the most metal throne I had ever seen. It was literally just a pile of skulls in the approximate shape of a chair. “I don’t remember agreeing to this war of yours. Let alone committing my people to it.”

“But you will,” Aoyama argued. The vampire was reclining in an antique looking copper chair with red cushions. Definitely expensive, but way less weird than everyone else’s. “I’ve never once heard of you backing down from a fight, and when your crew gets word of what’s going on, then they’ll demand to go to war.”

“That’s only true if a war is actually going to take place,” a digitized rebuttal came from the only captain who wasn’t physically in the room. Apparently, Takishi never showed up to these things in person, but his hologram looked like a transparent blue man sitting in thin air. “We still haven’t voted on it, and I’m not yet convinced that war is necessary.”

I stealthily rushed up to Ithnaa and pulled on her sleeve. She leaned down so that I could whisper to her. “Takishi is lying about not being convinced, but I don’t know why he would.”

“Is there a problem, Thea?” Aoyama asked, and Ithnaa answered for me.

“Thea was once a celestial of Inim, and even after falling, she’s retained the ability to detect lies. Takishi was lying when he said he wasn’t convinced that war was necessary.”

“Is this true, Takishi?” Fiona, the dark elf, asked. “Are you already sold on this nonsense?”

“It seems as though I’ve been found out,” he admitted while his hologram stared at me. “That’s a very useful skill, and somewhat concerning to those of us who have a strenuous relationship with the truth. More than just myself, no doubt.” He turned away from me, and towards the center most, and by far the creepiest, of the seven captains in the room. “I would like to make a motion to have her removed before we continue discussions.”

Milohsh was unique, to say the least. Aoyama called them a ‘colonized consciousness.’ Apparently, that meant they were a sentient fungus that grew inside living people. They had like a million different bodies all across Paradise, but they were all the same person infesting and controlling different people. There was even a rumor that the people were awake and experienced everything that happened.

“All in favor of having the devil removed from the chambers?” Milohsh asked, their emotionless voice coming through the body of an emaciated elven woman sitting on a throne covered in plants and fungus. It looked like she had actually started to merge with it.

There was a chorus of nays with only Fiona and Takishi voting to have me removed. Milohsh looked towards me and nodded before speaking. “You may stay devil, but if you would humor a personal request, we ask that you report on all dishonesty equally. Either say nothing of it, or ensure that no lie goes unmentioned.”

“Um, sure, I can do that,” I agreed, and I meant it, too. Milohsh was terrifying, and I had absolutely no intention of upsetting them.

“Thank you. Now, please continue with the discussion.”

“Moving back to Fiona’s question,” Nora started. It looked like she was still using Leo’s old throne. Well, unless she enjoyed animal pelts and sitting in chairs that were clearly too large for her. I mean, maybe she did. I wasn’t one to judge. “Takishi, why lie about wanting to join in the war?”

“To be clear, I don’t want to join in a war against the Syndicate,” he truthfully explained. “Like most of you, many captains in my fleet work in Syndicate space, or regularly accept jobs from Syndicate lords. A war would mean massive interruptions to business.”

“And yet, you believe it’s necessary,” Ithnaa pointed out, and he nodded.

“That’s right, but I don’t think we need to be the ones fighting it.”

“What are you proposing?” Fiona asked.

“That we explore alternatives before rushing to a war with the largest crime organization in the Network.”

“There are no alternatives,” Ithnaa interrupted. “Mother is the one who has her eyes on Paradise, and she isn’t like the other lords. She’ll either declare that you belong to her, and use you how she sees fit, or decide that you’re more trouble than you’re worth and wipe you from existence.”

Softie stepped forward as they added their voice to the discussion. “Before you go getting any ideas, working for Mother when you’re not a part of her ‘family’ always ends in one of two ways. She either gets bored and kills you quickly, or if you’re unlucky enough to be interesting to her, then she’ll push you well beyond your limit only to ‘punish’ you when you inevitably fail. It’s all just a game to her.”

The room went quiet as everyone seemed to consider their words, but eventually Penn broke the silence. “I would like to move to a vote on whether or not we go to war with the Syndicate.”

“All in favor?” Milohsh asked, causing Penn, Nora, and Aoyama to immediately vote in favor. While Takishi, and Fiona voted against, and then after a few tense moments, Dimitri joined them.

“Milohsh, that leaves you as the determining vote,” Aoyama pointed out, and they nodded before speaking.

“Our sole responsibility is to the Paradise station itself. The visitors, and even residents, are symbiotic, but not strictly necessary,” they explained before pausing for way too freaking long. “With that in mind, and while respecting the sentiments of the devil, djinn, and kitsune, we do not believe that the station would be safe in the hands of a being such as Mother. We vote in favor of going to war.”

“It’s decided then,” Fiona grimly acknowledged. “If we’re actually going to do this, then we’ll need to formalize a command. I’d like to nominate Aoyama to lead the effort. She’s been on Paradise the longest, save for Milohsh, and her crew has the fewest direct connections with the Syndicate.”

“I accept,” Aoyama responded, like she had known all along that the nomination was coming.

“I nominate Penn,” Nora countered. “He and I have the largest fleets at our disposal, and mine is still recovering from the recent change in leadership. Besides, when was the last time Aoyama gave orders to somebody who could refuse them?”

The vampire glared daggers at the human, but the ancient goblin spoke before she could say anything. “I second the nomination for Penn. He fights like a warrior, and my people are a superstitious lot. I don’t believe they would take orders from a vampire.”

“I accept, of course,” Penn responded before turning towards the hologram of a man. “Takishi, that likely makes you the deciding vote. Either side with me, or have Milohsh make the choice.”

He nodded once before answering. “I’m afraid that I must abstain.”

“It’s decided then,” Aoyama let out a resigned breath before looking the mountain of a man in the eyes. “Captain Penn will lead our forces.”

# 47: Old Spells New Tricks

Bryce

“I think I’ve got it,” I said as I opened my eyes to see Marcel, still in the form of the devil who had held her prisoner, sitting on an upended bucket. The two of us were in a narrow janitorial closet a few floors above where we had been held. Modifying the spell had taken nearly a full hour, which was a lot longer than I had hoped, but I learned a new trick while I was at it. Which was hopefully going to make it all worth the delay.

“Okay, are we ready to go, then?” Marcel asked, and I stood up from where I had been sitting cross-legged on the floor before rubbing my thighs to get the feeling back.

“Yep, let me just cast the spell quickly and we can finally leave.” I didn’t wait for her response before I started casting. A blindingly bright green arcane circle appeared in front of me, and I was forced to close my eyes. The spell finished in an instant, and I blinked away the spots as my vision slowly came back to me.

“Ow,” Marcel quietly complained from under a mountain of cleaning supplies. The poor girl had fallen backwards into a shelf, causing it to collapse on top of her.

“Shit, sorry,” I apologized as I quickly tried to unbury her. “I didn’t expect it to be that bright.”

“You said that was a stealth spell, right? I’m not sure it worked how you wanted.”

I pushed mana into my eyes and looked down at myself just to confirm what I already knew. “Actually, it did. You shouldn’t be able to feel my mantle anymore.”

She pulled a mop off her head before looking up at me. “Oh, I guess it did. How long can you stay like that?”

“I can’t maintain the spell in my sleep, but otherwise, indefinitely.” I helped Marcel up, and she wiped some sort of white powder off her clothes.

“I guess that makes the, uh, ‘side effects’ of casting it less terrible. You would just need to find somewhere out of the way once a day.”

“It shouldn’t be nearly that bright next time. What I’m doing is a combination of arcane casting and a normally impractical version of enchanting. Essentially, I just converted all the verbal and somatic components of the spell to basic enchanting runes, then wrote out the circle in the air using my own mana. In this case, I underestimated my own ability to manipulate mana outside my body, and in an attempt to overpower the magic suppressing wards, I used way too much.”

Marcel stared back at me blankly. “I’m sorry. I didn’t understand very much of what you just said.”

“I’ll make the spell less bright next time,” I explained the important part with a chuckle. “Sorry, I’m just excited that I discovered a new way for me to cast.”

“You don’t have to apologize to me. While I don’t know much about magic, I’m sure what you did was very impressive.”

Her response definitely felt a little demeaning, but I didn’t let that get to me. This new method meant I no longer had to deal with minute long casting times in the middle of a fight. I could just visualize the spell diagram and it would appear almost instantly.

Although, there were a few serious limitations. Like how I needed to get every detail of every rune exactly right. Otherwise, it would fizzle, or worse, mutate into an entirely different spell. It would be like changing letters in a sentence at random. Most of the time it’s just going to come out as nonsense, but every once in a while you’ll create actual words and change the meaning of the sentence entirely.

“Um, should we be heading out now?” Marcel asked, pulling me out of my thoughts.

“Yes, we should.” I turned towards the door to leave, but then paused before continuing. “I don’t suppose you have any suggestions on the best way to get out of here without getting caught?”

“Don’t spend an hour hiding in a closet,” she murmured under her breath, but then actually answered when I turned back to look at her. “I only really saw the one way out when I was looking around earlier. There could be others, but I doubt it.”

“So, we just walk out the front door, then?”

Marcel gave me an apologetic grin. “Well, it’s a portal, but yeah, that’s basically it.”

“A portal?” I asked, and she nodded. “Do you know what’s on the other side?”

“No, sorry. It’s kind of just a black void. I couldn’t see through it.”

If she hadn’t been able to see through the portal, then that probably meant it wasn’t attuned to a specific location. Which complicated things.

Depending on which spell or device was holding it open, we would either need to provide a destination ourselves or ask the caster to do it for us. Either way, it wasn’t going to be a simple matter of us just walking through. Of course, that didn’t mean it was hopeless. It just meant it was going to be much more difficult.

“Do you know if an alarm has been sounded or if people are searching for us?”

This tale has been unlawfully obtained from Royal Road. If you discover it on Amazon, kindly report it.

“It’s been half an hour since the last time I checked, but no, I haven’t heard anything.”

That was strange. I activated the wards carved into my bones nearly an hour ago. Prince Al’Kais should have been alerted when that happened, and would have found the devil woman when he went to check the cell. That either meant he hadn’t checked it yet, or they were being discreet while they searched for us. Either was possible, but then there was another issue entirely. I still hadn’t heard from Lilith.

The connection from my messaging spell was still open, and I could feel her on the other end, but she hadn’t said anything since telling me to lie low. Sending another message through the wards risked making it easier to find us, but that was assuming anybody was actually looking. Which didn’t seem like the case, and at this point, the information felt worth the risk. So, I started casting.

Lilith, we’ve found a place to hide, but as far as we can tell, nobody is looking for us. I have reason to believe that we’re being held by Prince Al’Kais, and the only way in or out is through a portal that needs to be attuned to a destination. We think there’s a good chance we can make it to the portal, but don’t know where it leads.

I sent the message, and Lilith immediately dropped the connection to my other spell so she could respond.

Al’Kais refused to meet with me. So, I had to use my new title to force Orrid to mediate, and the three of us have been in discussions for over an hour. He’s denying everything, and won’t allow me anywhere near Ne’ara. I’m loath to admit it, but I’m beginning to doubt that I’ll be able to make it to you myself. I’m planning on reaching out to an old mentor next.

“Captain Virra, is something wrong?” Marcel interrupted before I could respond, so I held up a finger to ask her to wait.

 In that case, just continue to keep the prince distracted. As best I can tell, Mother still hasn’t returned, and the longer we wait, the more likely that is to change. I don’t think she’s a problem I can solve on my own, so leaving now to try to avoid her feels like our best option. Keep this connection open if you can. I’ll let you know if we can make it out.

She didn’t respond, but I could feel her maintaining the connection, so I finally turned back to Marcel. “Sorry about that. I’m in communication with somebody on the outside, but she’s not going to be able to get to us. Which means, we’re probably on our own for now.”

“Okay, so our situation hasn’t really changed, right?”

“Unfortunately, yes,” I admitted. “But for what it’s worth, I think I know why the alarm hasn’t been sounded yet. Lilith, my woman on the outside, has been keeping Prince Al’Kais busy. He probably thinks that the devil I sent to his dungeon is actually me.”

“Sure, that makes sense, but what about me?” she asked, and I paused for a moment, so she explained. “Even if they think they know where you are, that still leaves me missing. Besides, your theory is based on the assumption that the prince is the only one who has access to wherever the devil got sent. If anybody else does, then it would just be a matter of them checking to figure out that you’re not actually trapped.”

“That’s… fair. We could assume that your room hasn’t been checked yet, and that wherever the devil was sent is secure enough that not many people have access, but both of those are still pretty big assumptions.”

“In that case, wouldn’t it be better for us to move forward as if they already know we’ve escaped?” Marcel asked.

“You’re right, it would be. But I’m not sure how much that changes for us.”

“Well, for one thing, it means I should choose a different form,” she said as her body morphed to a male devil I didn’t recognize wearing a similar uniform. Then she continued in a more masculine voice. “And for another, it means that it might be better if we left any face-to-face interactions to me. Well, unless you can do something about your eyes, because everyone I’ve seen so far has been a devil and it’s pretty obvious that you’re not.”

“Well, then lead the way.” I moved aside, and she nodded before stepping forward to open the door. After taking a moment to peer down the hallway, she motioned for me to follow her out.

I straightened my back and did my best to act confident as I stepped into the empty hall. It looked identical to every other one we’d seen, with soft carpets and crimson walls. The only real difference being the numbers on the doors. The nearest room was labeled five-hundred and twenty-nine, which seemed to imply we were on the fifth floor. That meant there were probably more than a hundred rooms like the one I had been trapped in, and while I had no idea how many were actually being used, the thought of that many existing caused a chill to run down my spine.

“The elevator is this way.” Marcel pointed towards our left before marching in that direction. “It’s probably safe enough to use now that your mantle is hidden, and I don’t want to waste more time taking the stairs.”

I nodded to agree, but didn’t say anything. If she wanted to take charge here, then I wasn’t going to object. Not only did she have a lot more experience moving around stealthily, I had also already started focusing on solving our next problem. The portal.

A lot of the art and decor we passed in the hall felt legitimately high quality, and likely very expensive. Which probably meant Prince Al’Kais wasn’t cutting corners with cost. If that was the case, and he was aiming for the best possible ‘client experience,’ then the portal could probably be attuned to any other existing teleportation circle.

I knew of four that I could potentially use, five if you counted the one on my parents' estate, but I would almost rather spend another week with Mother than travel there. The most obvious destination would be the circle in Lilith’s manor, but there was a risk that we could be tracked or followed, and I really didn’t want knowledge of that circle’s existence getting out.

My second option would probably be the circle we used as a target when Thea, Esme, and I traveled to Hel. It would put us firmly in Lilith’s territory without implicating her directly and even give us a crowd to blend into if we were followed. The only issue being that it was nearly an hour's walk to get to Lilith, which was a lot of time to get to safety if we were being chased.

The third option was the hotel we left from on Paradise, but there was no guarantee that the circle was even still there. Which brought me to option four, the old Syndicate compound on Drassun.

Rajak had used a portal device to travel between the compound and his personal lair. It wasn’t technically a teleportation circle, but it would still work as a focus point, and it was abandoned in the middle of nowhere. Plus, it had the benefit of existing on the mortal plane, which would make it harder to track. Albeit only slightly.

The two of us stepped onto the elevator and Marcel pressed on the L button to move us to the lobby as I came to an internal decision. If we were allowed to choose a destination, then Hel was going to be our best bet. It provided the best combination of anonymity and security. I just hoped I still remembered how to get to Lilith’s estate from there.

That concern was quickly replaced by a much more pressing one as the elevator doors opened, and we saw a familiar djinn progenitor shouting at a female devil who was cowering behind a reception desk. “I don’t care. Get your ‘prince’ down here immediately or heads are going to roll, and I swear to The Seven that yours will be the first.”

# 48: Thinking With Portals

Bryce

“I’m sorry, ma’am, but he’s in a meeting with Prince Orrid right now,” the devil receptionist apologized, and I carefully reached forward to press the ‘close doors’ button as she continued. “But rest assured, your asset is secure and will be retrieved the moment Prince Al’Kais returns from Hades.”

I could see the inky black portal on the far side of the room, but standing between us and escaping was the one person I knew we couldn’t beat. Our only option was to regroup and try again later.

“This meeting is taking place at Orrid’s palace?” Mother asked as I continued to press at the screen, willing the doors to close faster.

“I believe so, yes.”

“Fine. You’re lucky I still have matters to discuss with Orrid.” She turned to leave, and just before the doors finished closing, made eye contact with me. I cursed as I tried to come up with a new plan, but there was nothing I could think to do. We were trapped in an elevator with nowhere to go.

“Maybe she didn’t notice?” Marcel asked, but any hope she had was immediately dashed when I wasn’t the one to respond.

“She definitely noticed.” I spun around to see Mother standing there, glaring at me. “Marcel, would you please press the button for the lobby? We’re leaving.”

“Y-yes, ma’am.”

“Marcel, no, we need—” Mother slammed into me, pushing me against the elevator doors and knocking the air out of my lungs.

“No. You be silent. She’s in enough trouble without you making things worse for her.” I wasn’t able to breathe with Mother’s forearm pinning my chest to the door, so I couldn’t actually respond. She must have taken silence to mean I agreed with her, because she let me fall to the ground a few moments later. “And now you’ve gone and damaged the elevator doors.”

“Sorry,” I coughed out the apology once I was finally able to catch my breath. “I guess you’re just going to have to leave us here.”

“Nice try, but I’m not letting you off that easily.” Mother glared at the elf-sized indent in the metal. The impact definitely would have killed me if I hadn’t been a mantle candidate. “Besides, we should still be on the first floor.” She kicked me out of the way before stepping forward to push the sliding doors outward, tearing them off their rails. She then reached down and dragged me to my feet by my hair. “Now, come along, and shift out of that awful form while you’re at it.”

“Y-yes, ma’am.” Marcel shrank down to look like a dark-haired human woman in a white dress while Mother ignored my protests and pulled me into the lobby.

“What’s going on?” The receptionist looked like she was going to try to stop us, but Mother just reached out her empty palm and fired a black beam of light at her. The devil stumbled backwards a moment later with a melon-sized hole burned through her chest.

I almost felt bad for her, but then remembered that she had helped imprison me, and besides, I had other things to focus on. Namely, the inky black portal that Mother was still marching us towards. It shimmered as we approached, the image of a lavish library coming into focus.

I mentally reached out to the magic controlling the portal while still struggling in vain against Mother’s grip. As best I could tell, it was being generated by some sort of artifact hidden in the ceiling, and the destination seemed to be linked to whoever approached. That meant in order to use it, you would need to be attuned, and that was probably a lengthy process. Which usually wasn't something that could be done while being dragged to your doom.

“Wait, please, just listen to me,” I pleaded, but Mother continued to ignore me and I was quickly running out of time. So, I made one last, desperate attempt. “I know where you can find Sora.”

She immediately threw me to the ground near the portal and stood over me with a scowl. “Explain. Now.”

“I will. But you have to promise to let me go first.” I only meant it as a bluff to buy time, but that turned out to be exactly the wrong thing to say.

“You still don’t get it, do you?” Mother stepped forward and knelt down beside me to look me in the eye. “I don’t negotiate.”

I was about to counter, or more likely quip, when I felt her smash through my magical defenses like they weren’t even there. “You can’t do this. Your contract.”

“That ‘contract’ was voided the moment you escaped. One of only a few positives to come from you wasting my time today,” she replied as she dug deeper into my soul.

This book is hosted on another platform. Read the official version and support the author's work.

I threw up as many barriers as I could, but quickly realized that it was futile. All I was doing was leading Mother directly to the memories I wanted to protect the most. So, I switched tactics and focused all of my mental energy into protecting a single moment. She noticed the change immediately, causing a smile to spread across her face. “Ah, there it is. Thank you for making this so easy.”

I held my ground, and actually managed to stave off her first assault, but it didn’t last. She pulled back momentarily, only to refine her mental attack into an icy spear and drive it into my defenses. The pain was unbearable, like a frozen dagger being driven into the back of my eye, and my mind threatened to shut down just to make it stop.

I managed to push through, if only to see the look on Mother’s face, and was immediately rewarded. “What’s wrong? Don’t like what you’ve found?”

“What did you do?” She sounded appalled, which only served to spur me forward.

“I killed you.” I inched away, slowly moving back towards the portal. “Maybe not today, or tomorrow, or hells, even this century. But you will die, and when you do, you’ll know that it was me who did it.”

“You’re lying. The spell isn’t there.”

“It’s there. You just can’t see it.” I slowly got to my feet, keeping the portal directly behind me. “If you look, then you’ll see that your core isn’t connected to your soul anymore. Which means you won’t be able to generate any more mana, and once you’ve run out, you’ll die.”

“I’ll make you pay for this!” She charged forward fast enough that I barely had time to dodge out of the way even while expecting it. The moment she entered the portal, I forced way too much mana into the artifact and shattered the connection to force it closed.

“Why did you do that? She knows where we are, and all you’ve done is make her even more angry. It’s going to be so much worse when she gets back.” Marcel was clearly panicking, but I didn’t have the mental bandwidth to deal with it. At least, not yet.

“Please be quiet. I need to focus.”

My entire plan—if you could actually call it a plan—revolved around the idea that it wasn’t possible to teleport in or out of the building without using the primary portal. It seemed like a safe bet, but if it wasn’t true, then we only had a matter of seconds before Mother would be back. That meant anything I was going to do needed to be done quickly.

With that in mind, I mentally reached out to the artifact to assess the damage, and was surprised to find that it wasn’t actually that bad. Whatever was providing the mana for the spell had been completely fried, but the artifact itself felt like it was still mostly intact.

Hopefully, that meant I could just provide the mana myself and the portal would come back online. The only problem was that I still wasn’t attuned to the artifact, and the moment the portal opened, Mother would be able to use it to get back to us.

I needed to understand how the attunement process worked, and to do that, I needed to actually be able to see the damn thing. So, I summoned my sword.

“Wait, what are you doing?” Marcel took a step back, and I pointed towards the ceiling two meters above me.

“There’s an artifact up there that I need to get so we can escape. Would you mind giving me a lift?”

“Oh, um, yeah. I can do that.” Her form shifted to be easily a full meter taller as she grew into one of the largest orcs I had ever seen. She then strode forward to lift me onto her shoulder as if I weighed nothing.

“Woah, that’s… impressive.” I wasn’t normally into muscles, but dear gods, I could see the appeal.

“Please hurry. I’m not actually as strong as I look, and you’re heavy for an elf.”

“Excuse me?” I looked down at her, and she glared back up at me. “Right, sorry. A few steps forward please, it’s still just out of reach.”

She followed my instructions, and I stretched myself up to stab the tip of my sword into the ceiling. It still wasn’t as sharp as it used to be, but it was more than enough to cut a hole underneath the artifact. Marcel took a startled step backwards to dodge the circular piece of ceiling that nearly fell on top of us, then I leapt off of her to land delicately on my feet.

“How’s that for elvish grace?”

She morphed back to her dark-haired human form with a disbelieving look. “Is now really the time to be joking? Mother could be back any second, and she’s not going to fall for your portal trick a second time.”

And just like that, I was reminded of exactly how much I really missed Thea, and how incredibly unlike her Marcel was. “Of course. What was I thinking?”

I let out a resigned sigh as I walked over to where the artifact was resting inside of a claw-like apparatus. The small, black, metallic sphere was about the size of an orange, with dozens of runes written in what was likely ruby dust. It gave off an ominous aura, and even without mana to power it, the magic it was radiating was obvious.

I disconnected the artifact from the claw with more effort than I’d like to admit, then pushed a thread of mana to my eyes to inspect the inner workings. It was… complicated. I would need to spend a real amount of time studying it to fully understand how exactly it worked, but what the artifact did was obvious from how Prince Al’kais was using it.

With that context in mind, and my general knowledge of runework, I was able to attune myself to it while also removing all the other attunements. Hopefully, that meant I would be the only person who could use it moving forward, but that was far from a guarantee. I put that issue aside as a problem for future Bryce to solve, while I held out the artifact and channeled mana into it.

The portal appeared half a meter in front of me, and I sent a quick message to Lilith before walking through.

We made it out, and we’re teleporting directly to the circle set up in your estate. It shouldn’t be traceable, but I’m planning on changing the signature once I arrive, just to be safe. And Lilith, thanks for the help. I don’t think any of this would have been possible if you hadn’t kept the prince distracted.

She responded immediately, her relief obvious through the connection. Oh, thank the gods. I can finally end this damn meeting. I’ll be back in Hel soon, but I can ask Rose to open the door for you so you don't have to wait. I’m glad you’re safe, Bryce, but do me a favor and wait to contact Thea until I get back. There’s a lot we need to discuss and some of it is rather grim.

# 49: Real Talk

Thea

“Seriously, Thea, if you’re so bored, then why don’t you go find something to do,” Leila complained about my complaining, and I rolled over onto my stomach so I could see her. I was lying on the couch in her new ship while she went over the final checks with Sami and Suriel.

Ithnaa was busy dealing with pirate war stuff, and Softie and I were getting on her nerves. So she sent me here to separate the two of us, but there wasn’t really anything for me to do. Leila and Suriel were back to being way stronger than me, and anything Sami needed help with just made me feel dumb. Besides, they were basically done with the repairs, anyway.

“That’s just it. You guys have already done everything. There’s nothing left for me to do,” I complained some more.

“What if you and I went to a bar?” Suriel asked, and I perked up, but then deflated again when Sami shook her head.

“I need you for these last checks. If something goes wrong, it could damage your core, and I won’t know it’s happening unless you’re there to tell me.”

“Sorry, Thea,” Suriel apologized before looking at Leila expectantly.

“Absolutely not. I had enough of babysitting Thea while we were in Elysia, and before you say anything, I don’t take orders from you anymore. So, you can’t make me do it.”

“Are you serious? I’m over four hundred years old. I don’t need a babysitter!” I protested, but Leila just scoffed and Suriel gave me a concerned look.

“We’re not saying you need a babysitter, just that you’re going through a lot right now, and we don’t want you to feel alone.”

“I’m fine, okay? I don’t feel alone, and even if I did, I can handle being by myself for a while,” I declared as I pushed myself off the couch a little too quickly and maybe stumbled a bit, but that in no way undermined how dramatic the gesture was. “In fact, I’m going to go find somewhere to be by myself right now.”

“Thea, wait,” Suriel called after me, but I ignored him as I stomped out of the room. Unfortunately, him being stronger than me again included being faster. So, he caught up before I could even leave the ship. “Seriously, Thea, just listen to me for a second, okay?”

I spun on him with an angry glare that he probably didn’t entirely deserve. “Fine. One second, but that’s it and I’m counting.”

He didn’t say anything for at least a full second. So, I turned to walk away, but he reached out and grabbed my arm to stop me. “Look, we’re just worried about you, and none of us were really there for you after you fell, but we’re here now. Please, let us help.”

“No.” Suriel stared back at me, dumbfounded, so I continued to go off on him. “You just said it yourself. None of you were there for me when I fell. Hells, you were living in Hades after dad died and I didn’t even find out about it until Taz told me. Even then, you didn’t come visit until I got him to ask you to do it. So, no, you don’t get to pretend to care about me while you and Leila are in the middle of leaving me again.”

“I’m sorry, I didn’t even think—”

“Of course, you didn’t think of me,” I interrupted him before he could make more excuses. “I’m just a pest that needs to be managed. ‘Little Salinthea’ who can’t do anything on her own. Fucking let go of me!” I pulled my arm away and he finally let go.

“Thea, that’s not fair, and you know it.”

It wasn’t fair, and I did know it, but I was just too damn tired to care. “What wasn’t fair was you abandoning me when I needed you the most, but it’s fine. I’m fine. I don’t need you anymore. So, you can take your fancy new ship and fly off into the sunset guilt free.”

“Thea, that’s—”

“Goodbye, Suriel. Tell Ash I said hi, and let Leila know she’ll never have to ‘babysit’ me again.” I ignored his response as I stomped away, and this time, he didn’t chase after me.

 



 

“Here you go, Thea. Are you sure I can’t at least get you a glass?” Les, the bartender at Electric Zen, asked as she pulled the cork from the bottle of whiskey and sat it down on the bartop. I was sitting in one of only two empty spots in the entire bar.

Apparently, there were rumors going around that my ‘confrontation’ with Anali had happened because she asked if she could sit near me. Now nobody was willing to sit in ‘the devil's spot’, even if it meant they had to stand in the back of the room.

I might have laughed a bit menacingly when Les explained that part to me, because a couple of people who were loitering nearby took a few cautious steps back.

“Nah, it’s okay. A glass would only get in my way.” I brought the bottle to my lips, but realized something just before I took a drink. “Hey, do you know if Zen is around? I’m pretty sure I still owe him a few credits from the cleanup.”

“Yeah, he’s upstairs. I can let him know you’re here if you’d like,” Les explained. “I’m pretty sure he won’t make you wait long after last time.”

“Right. Sorry about that, I might have a few anger issues when it comes to defending my friends. I’m trying to get better about it.”

“Hey, you don’t have to apologize to me,” she said with a smile. “I got the day off with paid overtime and I wasn’t even there.” Les’s smile disappeared and her tone got a bit grave as she continued. “But if you see Morgan around, maybe buy her a drink or something. She won’t admit it, but you definitely scared her.”

I cringed as I felt my heart break just the slightest bit more. Morgan, Leslie’s twin, or clone I guess, had been working at the bar when Anali just strode up next to me. I hadn’t meant to scare her, but I also hadn’t exactly been in my right mind at the time. “Damnit. Do you know when her next shift is? I definitely need to apologize to her.”

“Tomorrow morning around noon. Bring flowers. She likes roses,” she explained with a smile.

I narrowed my eyes at the dark-haired human, and her smile only widened. “Hey, Les, I should probably let you know that I’m one of Inim’s kids. Which means I can tell when people are lying.”

Royal Road is the home of this novel. Visit there to read the original and support the author.

“What? Seriously? That’s no fun.” Her smiled turned to shock, and then pouting. “Fine. Mor hates flowers, but in my defense, once you told her why you brought them, she would have just laughed with you.”

“Maybe, but at least now I can look like the hero by saving her from your prank,” I countered before taking a smug swig from the whiskey bottle.

She stuck her tongue out at me, and I returned the gesture, but her expression switched to confusion as she looked past me. “Who’s that? I don’t recognize her.”

I turned around in my seat to see the last person I ever expected walking through the door, and my mood took a nosedive. “That’s my sister.”

“Oh.” Les gave me a wary look as she glanced between me and Leila. “She’s not going to be a problem, is she?”

“Not for you,” I grumped as I spun back around in my chair to face the bar.

“If there’s going to be a fight, then do me a favor and take it outside, okay? I can tell Zen that you came by to pay, but had to leave early. I promise he won’t hold it against you.”

“It’ll be fine. There’s not going to be a fight,” I said with way more confidence than I actually felt. Les definitely didn’t look convinced, but Leila had already found her way to me before she could object.

“Thea, do you mind if I sit with you for a while?”

“Do what you want. It’s not my bar, I’m just paying for it.”

Les snorted at my joke, but then sheepishly apologized before backing away to give us whatever privacy sitting in the middle of a crowded bar allowed.

Leila ignored the interruption to pull the chair out and sit beside me. “Look, I fucked up. I shouldn’t have said what I did, and I’m sorry.”

I scoffed at her. “Don’t you dare apologize for saying what you meant and don’t even pretend like you didn’t mean every word that you said.”

“I won’t, because we both know that would be pointless, but I can honestly say that I regret the way I said it.”

“Leila, why are you here? Hells, how did you even know where I was?”

She let out a resigned sigh before looking up at Les, who was still obviously listening in. “Any chance I could get something to drink? Like literally anything?”

“Uh, yeah, sure.” Les stepped forward and reached under the counter to pull out some sort of canned wine. “Here you go. I think you’ll like that one.”

“Thanks.” Leila pulled the tab to open it, then took a drink before finally answering my question. “I knew where you were because Ithnaa told me, and I’m here because Samira activated the ship’s self destruct the moment you left, then told Suriel he had three minutes to pull his core as she walked away.”

I coughed and nearly spat whiskey all over the bartop. “Seriously? Sami blew up your ship?”

Leila shook her head, but took another drink from her can before explaining. “Suriel managed to talk her out of it with a few seconds to spare, but she only paused the countdown until she had a chance to hear from you.”

“So, the fate of your fancy new ship is in my hands, huh? You must hate that, don’t you?” I asked with a smile, and she nodded.

“Yeah, it is, and yeah, I’m not happy about it. But as much as I hate to admit it, the young kitsune had a point.”

“And what might that be?” I asked, loving the moment a little too much.

“That I’ve been an ungrateful bitch. Especially towards you.” I was about to agree, but she kept going before I could. “You let us live when it would have been safer just to kill us, and on top of that, you snuck us out of Tartarus when you definitely should have left us there. Then, even more recently, you asked your friends to help when you could have just called Ashaiya and left us stranded for what probably would have been months waiting for her. Hells, Samira made it perfectly clear that the only reason she was helping us with the ship was because she thought you wanted her to.”

“I never would’ve left you in Tartarus, and I definitely wouldn’t have killed you just because I thought it was safer.” I looked at her in disbelief, but she shook her head.

“That’s what you’re not getting. I would have. Falling changed me, Thea. Even more than it did Suriel and way more than Aurora. Hells, she’s basically just the same person.”

“She’s happier,” I pointed out, which made Leila chuckle darkly.

“Yeah, she is, which makes me furious, and I don’t understand why. I should be happy for her, but instead I hate that she’s not struggling with this nearly as much as I am.”

“It’s because you were closer to dad,” I explained, but she shook her head.

“Then why isn’t Suriel worse? He was closer than I was.”

“You’re joking, right? Suriel is way worse, just in a different way. I mean, could you imagine what would have happened if I had yelled at him the way I did earlier before he fell?”

“No,” Leila laughed. “Because nobody ever would have.”

“I’m sure somebody did. They just probably didn’t survive to tell anybody about it.” I smiled as I waved down Les. “I don’t suppose I could get a glass, please? This is too good to drink straight from the bottle.”

“Of course.” She quickly made her way over and pulled a glass out from underneath the bar, then sat it down in front of me. “Here you go, Thea. Oh, and Zen is in a meeting right now, but should be ready to see you in about twenty minutes.”

“Thanks, and yeah, that works. I’ll be around.”

Leslie went back to tending the bar, and Leila continued where our conversation left off. “Okay, I’ll admit maybe Suriel has changed more, but it still doesn’t seem fair to me. I mean, at least he can exist without pissing off everyone around him.”

“For what it’s worth, it gets better. You just need to spend some time figuring out who you are without dad’s afterlife controlling half your personality.”

“How’d you do it?” Leila asked as she continued to sip at her can of wine.

“I found a very patient succubus. Trust me, however bad you are now, I was so much worse. Sure, the personality shift didn’t hit me as hard, but I was just a kid when I fell, and to top it all off, I was stuck in the lower planes with nobody to turn to. If Es hadn’t found me when he did, then I would’ve ended up dead in a gutter somewhere before the end of the first month.”

“He’s really sticking with that name, huh?” Leila asked with a smirk, and I let out a pained groan.

“Yes! He shot down all of my suggestions without even considering them, then his dad took him back to Hades before I had time to wear him down. It’s so unfair.”

“Well, I’m sure he’ll come around eventually.” She stood up from the bar before giving me a pleading look. “Speaking of coming around, you seemed to have mostly calmed down. I don’t suppose you’d be willing to talk some sense into Samira now?”

“I don’t know… I mean, you still haven’t apologized to me.”

“Fine. You’re right. I’m sorry for overreacting. It was cruel of me and I promise to be more aware of it in the future.”

“Alright, good enough. I’ve got to hang around here until I can meet with Zen, but I’ll send Sami a message asking her not to blow up your ship, just be careful around her from now on. Sami doesn’t forget these kinds of things, and that girl has a not-so-secret dark side.”

“I’ll keep that in mind.” Leila let out a relieved breath before smiling at me. “And thanks. Both for the advice, and for not turning me away the second I walked through the door.”

I waved her off. “Don’t mention it, and definitely don’t get used to it, because next time something like this happens, I’m just going to buy a cigar and use the burning wreckage of your ship to light it.”

“I'll keep that in mind. Goodbye, Thea, and I’ll see you around, okay?”

“Yeah, see you around.” She left, and I turned back towards the bar to see Les impatiently waiting nearby. She rushed over once it was clear that Leila was gone.

“So, how’d it go? It looked like it went well. At least your mood definitely seems to have improved.”

“Yeah, it went well, and my mood has definitely improved. In fact, it’s probably the best it’s been in a while. I doubt it could get much—” A blinding flash of green light interrupted my conversation, and I fell on my ass as the chair disappeared out from underneath me. “Fucking seriously? Again? Who is it this…”

My heart stopped, and I might have forgotten how to breathe as I recognized the most beautiful woman in existence standing there fully alive with a smug smile. “Sorry, I know you don’t like being summoned without warning, but I didn’t want to wait to see you, and I figured you’d be willing to make an exception this one time.”

# epilogue: The End Of The World

Teolix

I poured myself a drink as the dark room lit up from another nuclear blast hitting the planetary shields. They were still holding, at least for now. My engineer had them falling by the end of the week, and the corporation stopped negotiating after they managed to bomb our last FTL array. The siege was coming to an end, and I was out of options. 

So, I resigned myself to watching the world burn from the comfort of the Executive’s old apartment in the center of New Eden. The glass walls and ceiling made for a wonderful view of the fireworks, but Ms. Virra’s choice of decor was… minimal, to say the least. The only furniture she had was a bed and a simple desk that didn’t even have a matching chair.

Giving her the Fury had been such a gods damned waste. I sighed as a particularly bright explosion lit up the sky.

“You seem to be in a tight spot here, friend,” a masculine voice said from somewhere near the door. I chuckled, then finished what was left of my drink.

“I’m afraid you’ll find no friends here. Although, I will admit my amusement as to the corporation's lack of patience. It’s become something of a trademark in our recent dealings, so it comes as no surprise that they would send an assassin to hasten my all-but-inevitable demise.”

“I’m no assassin.” An elven man stepped out of the shadows into the dim light of the shields. He didn’t seem like much, but they never did. I had learned my lesson about underestimating someone based solely on their appearances while dealing with Virra’s devil.

This one, though, had a shaved head and was wearing simple ballistic armor. He looked military, but more put together than the average corporate goon. More disciplined, to be sure. “And what, pray tell, would you want with the likes of me?”

“You misunderstand, Teolix.” The elf started walking towards the window as he spoke. “I’m not interested in you, but you might have information on someone who I am interested in. That information may just save your life. If you’re willing to cooperate.”

“You have my attention, but the degree to which I cooperate will be dependent on the information and the individual.” I turned my back to the man and poured myself another drink. “You see, in my line of work, some information is well worth losing one’s life to protect, and some individuals are best left unmentioned.”

“This isn’t one of them, I assure you.” The largest bomb yet hit the shields, causing them to dim before returning to their full strength. “You recently sold a ship and the buyer’s name triggered more than a few alarms back in the core worlds. I need to know where she is, or if you don’t know that, then how to find her.”

“Now, that is interesting…” I trailed off into my drink to give myself time to consider. “What is it that you're offering me in exchange for this information? Should I even possess such a thing, of course.”

“A way out,” he offered, then explained. “New Eden is gone. Nobody can change that at this point. But there’s no reason you have to go down with it. Say the word, and I can have you on your way back to the dragon clans tonight.”

“By what means do you intend to bypass the planetary defenses or the myriad of corporate vessels currently bombarding them?” I turned back around to watch the man’s response. “And please, be specific.”

I received a chain code in the feed that identified the mysterious elf as an Agent Silas of the Federation Special Operations Division. The code disappeared before I had a chance to record any information from it, and Agent Silas explained. “As you can see from my credentials, I have access to quite a few ‘toys’ that don’t officially exist. One such toy is a ship capable of passing through planetary defense shields without disrupting them. It’s also entirely undetectable. Getting you off-world is as simple as the two of us taking a stroll to the port and flying off into the sunset together.”

“You must truly see me as a fool if you expect me to believe that something of that nature is even possible, let alone allowed to exist.” I narrowed my eyes at the elf, but he just shrugged.

If you stumble upon this tale on Amazon, it's taken without the author's consent. Report it.

“And yet, here I am.”

“Here you are, indeed.” I licked my lips as I considered the implications. “Alright, I believe that we may have found ourselves in a workable relationship. I’ll give you information on how to find Ms. Virra, and in exchange, you'll provide me with transportation to the nearest civilized world.”

“Not the dragon clans?” he asked, and I shook my head.

“I have absolutely no interest in ever returning to the clans. In fact, as an additional term, I would like you to report to them that I was slain this very night.”

“I think that can be arranged. Do we have a deal?”

“We do.” I inclined my head before adding one last stipulation. “Now, if you would lead the way, I will be more than happy to provide you with the information you seek after we depart.”

“Right this way.” Agent Silas started towards the door and I opened the feed to send a message to my lead engineer as I followed the elf out.

Alfonse, gather an unattuned navigation core and a rifle enchanted to bypass ballistic armor, then meet me at the port. I may have just found a way for us to escape this unfortunate fate.

 



 

We arrived at the port nearly twenty-minutes later and Alfonse was waiting for us by the main entrance. I waved him off to follow us at a distance until we knew which bay Agent Silas had docked his ship in. Alfonse was a professional, one of the best I had, and he caught on quickly.

The three of us traversed the nearly empty port until we passed through the door into bay forty-nine. In the center of it was a teardrop-shaped, black craft, barely larger than a shuttle. It certainly looked ominous, but the size was less than impressive.

“I believe that this is where you lower the ramp so that we can depart,” I pointed out, but Agent Silas just stared back at me expectantly.

“First, I’m going to need you to make good on your end of the bargain. Tell me where to find the person you sold the ship to, and we’ll leave together.”

“That was not the deal,” I growled.

“I’m altering the deal. We’re not going anywhere until you give me the information.”

“Lower the ramp immediately, or I’ll kill you, and have my engineer lower it for me.”

“Your threat has no teeth here, Teolix. The ship is locked to my bio-sig. If I die, you’re stuck here, and if your engineer so much as touches the wrong panel, then the explosion will take out half the city. This isn’t exactly the sort of tech that the Federation wants to risk falling into the wrong hands.”

“You’re nearly as infuriating as Virra was when I dealt with her. Are all elves this utterly impossible to deal with?”

He smiled at my complaint before shaking his head. “If only you knew. Now, tell me, shall I lower the ramp or is this conversation over?”

“I don’t know where Virra is, but I do know who she went to see, and last I heard, they left on fairly amicable terms. If you’re half as good at your job as you seem to think you are, then you’ll be able to leverage her to find your target.”

“And who is it exactly that I’m leveraging?”

“A wolf shifter alpha by the name of Lyscantra. Ms. Virra delivered a shipment of weapons to Drassun, then helped her assassinate the local Syndicate lord.”

“That’s… unexpected. Are you sure?”

“I am, and if that surprises you, then maybe you don’t know your target nearly as well as you think you do.”

“I hope you’re wrong for both of our sakes.” Agent Silas paused in thought for a moment before shaking his head. “Well, regardless. A deal’s a deal.” He placed his hand on the side of the ship and a ramp lowered, revealing the inside.

“It’s a relief that you’re an honorable man, Agent.” I grinned at him as I signaled Alfonse. “It’s a weakness that I rather enjoy exploiting.” A shot echoed through the docking bay, and the elf’s eyes went wide as he staggered back against the ship.

Alfonse stepped up beside me. “Boss, I brought the core, but I ain’t never seen a ship like this before. Could take me some time to figure out where to put the damn thing.”

Agent Silas chuckled as he spat blood onto the floor. “This was your plan, Teolix? I expected more from you.”

“Finish him and then get to work. Triple check everything. Assume a single misstep will end us both.”

“Yes, sir.” Alfonse lifted his rifle and fired into the agent three more times, before turning towards the exit. “I’ll need to get my tools, but I don’t think it will take too long for me to get this… Uh, boss.”

I turned towards the exit to see Agent Silas standing in the doorway holding a heavily enchanted sword. He had far fewer holes than I would have otherwise liked. “What are you waiting for? Shoot him!”

Alfonse fired into the Agent, but the rounds just passed through him without doing any damage. “I’m disappointed in you, Teolix, but at least I’ll be able to make good on my promise.” I realized he was an illusion and spun around just in time for him to stab the sword through my chest. “I’ll be certain to inform the dragon clans of your death.”

